http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide=Adelaide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ames,_Iowa=Ames, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acapulco=Acapulco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algiers=Algiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astoria,_Oregon=Astoria, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abadan,_Iran=Abadan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Texas=Austin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Arbor,_Michigan=Ann Arbor, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albion,_Michigan=Albion, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicante=Alicante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abadeh=Abadeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajmer=Ajmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen,_South_Dakota=Aberdeen, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alameda,_California=Alameda, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria,_Indiana=Alexandria, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria,_Louisiana=Alexandria, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andersonville,_Georgia=Andersonville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta=Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn=Bonn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronx=The Bronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_New_York=Buffalo, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona=Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad=Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek=Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley,_California=Berkeley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballarat=Ballarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge,_Massachusetts=Cambridge, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff=Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Ohio=Columbus, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland=Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernobyl=Chernobyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne=Cologne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo=Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceuta=Ceuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concord,_New_Hampshire=Concord, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac,_Michigan=Cadillac, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Falls,_Iowa=Cedar Falls, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia,_Missouri=Columbia, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Indiana=Columbus, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_London=City of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago=Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca=Casablanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_City,_Nevada=Carson City, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton,_Ohio=Dayton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delft=Delft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin,_Northern_Territory=Darwin, Northern Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_es_Salaam=Dar es Salaam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin=Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver=Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davenport,_Iowa=Davenport, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit=Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis,_California=Davis, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Iowa=Des Moines, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eindhoven=Eindhoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erfurt=Erfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh=Edinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellensburg,_Washington=Ellensburg, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene,_Oregon=Eugene, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka,_Missouri=Eureka, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edo=Edo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt=Frankfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Wayne,_Indiana=Fort Wayne, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala_City=Guatemala City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou=Guangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guernica=Guernica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary,_Indiana=Gary, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goshen,_Indiana=Goshen, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosford=Gosford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg=Hamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart=Hobart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu=Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herat=Herat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover=Hanover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ontario=Hamilton, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamar=Hamar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iqaluit=Iqaluit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ithaca,_New_York=Ithaca, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Michigan=Jackson, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem=Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabul=Kabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagoshima=Kagoshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi=Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandahar=Kandahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri=Kansas City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Nebraska=Lincoln, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_England=Lincoln, England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool=Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles=Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanda=Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lansing,_Michigan=Lansing, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Altos,_California=Los Altos, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich=Munich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai=Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moncton=Moncton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester=Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melilla=Melilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquette,_Michigan=Marquette, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazar-i-Sharif=Mazar-i-Sharif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrakesh=Marrakesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maribor=Maribor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile,_Alabama=Mobile, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg=Nuremberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi=Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nijmegen=Nijmegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagasaki=Nagasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing=Nanjing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville,_Tennessee=Nashville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa=Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford=Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth=Plymouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Oregon=Portland, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague=Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterborough=Peterborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris,_Texas=Paris, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pueblo,_Colorado=Pueblo, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth=Portsmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth=Perth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh=Pittsburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga=Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam=Rotterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roswell,_New_Mexico=Roswell, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno,_Nevada=Reno, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redmond,_Washington=Redmond, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarajevo=Sarajevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_de_Compostela=Santiago de Compostela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Louis=St. Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney=Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Monica,_California=Santa Monica, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse,_New_York=Syracuse, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego=San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John,_New_Brunswick=Saint John, New Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skopje=Skopje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo=Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hague=The Hague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyre,_Lebanon=Tyre, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo,_Ohio=Toledo, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecumseh,_Michigan=Tecumseh, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo,_Spain=Toledo, Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn=Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tartu=Tartu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria,_British_Columbia=Victoria, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius=Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver=Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehorse,_Yukon=Whitehorse, Yukon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor,_Ontario=Windsor, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo,_Iowa=Waterloo, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren,_Michigan=Warren, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona,_Mississippi=Winona, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York=York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol=Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest=Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest=Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge=Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilburg=Tilburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewiston,_Idaho=Lewiston, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boise,_Idaho=Boise, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Jamaica=Kingston, Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden=Dresden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halebidu=Halebidu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad=Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto=Kyoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi=Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granada=Granada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevideo=Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltava=Poltava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellingham,_Washington=Bellingham, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham=Nottingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London,_Ontario=London, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterey,_California=Monterey, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey=Monterrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thessaloniki=Thessaloniki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London,_Ohio=London, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldenburg=Oldenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpelier,_Vermont=Montpelier, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayodhya=Ayodhya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kassel=Kassel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaverton,_Oregon=Beaverton, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ljubljana=Ljubljana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walvis_Bay=Walvis Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockville,_Maryland=Rockville, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merced,_California=Merced, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Maine=Portland, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgos=Burgos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boca_Raton,_Florida=Boca Raton, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventry=Coventry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman=Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai=Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orem,_Utah=Orem, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cripple_Creek,_Colorado=Cripple Creek, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan=Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens=Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa=Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeuwarden=Leeuwarden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta,_Maine=Augusta, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaha,_Nebraska=Omaha, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea=Swansea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leiden=Leiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn=Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerch=Kerch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas=Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata=Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhopal=Bhopal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyongyang=Pyongyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis,_Tennessee=Memphis, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leadville,_Colorado=Leadville, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigard,_Oregon=Tigard, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corvallis,_Oregon=Corvallis, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho_Springs,_Colorado=Idaho Springs, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potsdam=Potsdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuppertal=Wuppertal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dili=Dili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana=Havana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco=San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Ohio=Lancaster, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lviv=Lviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takoma_Park,_Maryland=Takoma Park, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groningen=Groningen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrecht=Utrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'s-Hertogenbosch='s-Hertogenbosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Kentucky=Lexington, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland,_California=Oakland, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia=Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lelystad=Lelystad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braunschweig=Braunschweig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamabad=Islamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leicester=Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick,_Maryland=Frederick, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albuquerque,_New_Mexico=Albuquerque, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi=New Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk=Minsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlingen,_Texas=Harlingen, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canberra=Canberra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka=Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle,_New_South_Wales=Newcastle, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountain_Valley,_California=Fountain Valley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_California=Fremont, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee=Milwaukee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaithersburg,_Maryland=Gaithersburg, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palo_Alto,_California=Palo Alto, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose,_California=San Jose, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow,_Idaho=Moscow, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford,_Connecticut=Hartford, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Haven,_Connecticut=New Haven, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Worth,_Texas=Fort Worth, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galveston,_Texas=Galveston, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas=Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans=New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami=Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio=San Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalamazoo,_Michigan=Kalamazoo, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houghton,_Michigan=Houghton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubrovnik=Dubrovnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas=Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgrade=Belgrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb=Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouagadougou=Ouagadougou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruvananthapuram=Thiruvananthapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozhikode=Kozhikode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kochi=Kochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnhem=Arnhem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston_upon_Hull=Kingston upon Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen=Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astana=Astana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamako=Bamako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmopan=Belmopan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castries=Castries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgetown=Bridgetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo=Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka=Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaborone=Gaborone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare=Harare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_Guyana=Georgetown, Guyana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra=Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limerick=Limerick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maputo=Maputo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscat,_Oman=Muscat, Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicosia=Nicosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucson,_Arizona=Tucson, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City=Panama City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Louis=Port Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Vila=Port Vila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port-au-Prince=Port-au-Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto-Novo=Porto-Novo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Spain=Port of Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon=Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte,_North_Carolina=Charlotte, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flagstaff,_Arizona=Flagstaff, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brno=Brno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richland,_Washington=Richland, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo=Santo Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George's,_Grenada=St. George's, Grenada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valletta=Valletta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windhoek=Windhoek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis=Tunis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran=Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover,_Delaware=Dover, Delaware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis=Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfort,_Kentucky=Frankfort, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_City,_Missouri=Jefferson City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baton_Rouge,_Louisiana=Baton Rouge, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapolis,_Maryland=Annapolis, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena,_Montana=Helena, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bismarck,_North_Dakota=Bismarck, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton,_New_Jersey=Trenton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre,_South_Dakota=Pierre, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Wisconsin=Madison, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk,_Virginia=Norfolk, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney,_Nova_Scotia=Sydney, Nova Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badajoz=Badajoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zwolle=Zwolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Kentucky=Louisville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester=Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geelong=Geelong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wodonga=Wodonga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albury=Albury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima=Hiroshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobe=Kobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Coast,_Queensland=Gold Coast, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binghamton,_New_York=Binghamton, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiel=Kiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarragona=Tarragona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_California=Albany, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_California=Richmond, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Low,_Arizona=Show Low, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_River,_Florida=Crystal River, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Florida=Jacksonville, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubuque,_Iowa=Dubuque, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_Bluffs,_Iowa=Council Bluffs, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacaville,_California=Vacaville, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winters,_California=Winters, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon,_California=Dixon, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_California=Fairfield, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Ohio=Fairfield, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benicia,_California=Benicia, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vallejo,_California=Vallejo, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston,_South_Carolina=Charleston, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aomori,_Aomori=Aomori, Aomori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya=Nagoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuoka=Fukuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukushima,_Fukushima=Fukushima, Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamakura,_Kanagawa=Kamakura, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bendigo=Bendigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haarlem=Haarlem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duluth,_Minnesota=Duluth, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manilla,_Iowa=Manilla, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traralgon=Traralgon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_Beach,_California=Huntington Beach, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainfield,_New_Jersey=Plainfield, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkes-Barre,_Pennsylvania=Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto=Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anamoose,_North_Dakota=Anamoose, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloucester=Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock,_Michigan=Hancock, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peshawar=Peshawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_New_Jersey=Newark, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Vermont=Burlington, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incheon=Incheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busan=Busan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltham,_Massachusetts=Waltham, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton_and_Hove=Brighton and Hove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjul=Banjul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysore=Mysore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens,_Ohio=Athens, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_upon_Tyne=Newcastle upon Tyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaTac,_Washington=SeaTac, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope,_Arkansas=Hope, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Ana,_California=Santa Ana, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladstone,_Oregon=Gladstone, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila=Metro Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abomey=Abomey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundaberg=Bundaberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zacatecas,_Zacatecas=Zacatecas, Zacatecas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guadalajara=Guadalajara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo,_Ontario=Waterloo, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Rhode_Island=Newport, Rhode Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assen=Assen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bay,_Ontario=North Bay, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland,_Oregon=Ashland, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Hospitalet_de_Llobregat=L'Hospitalet de Llobregat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills,_California=Beverly Hills, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roanoke,_Virginia=Roanoke, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper,_Wyoming=Casper, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_City,_Oregon=Oregon City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nankana_Sahib=Nankana Sahib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Oswego,_Oregon=Lake Oswego, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaheim,_California=Anaheim, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopewell,_Virginia=Hopewell, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensboro,_North_Carolina=Greensboro, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarnia=Sarnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakima,_Washington=Yakima, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Platte,_Nebraska=North Platte, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calabasas,_California=Calabasas, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_City,_Texas=Bridge City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sale,_Victoria=Sale, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokohama=Yokohama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xi'an=Xi'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendale,_California=Glendale, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latrobe,_Pennsylvania=Latrobe, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz,_California=Santa Cruz, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provo,_Utah=Provo, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan=Wuhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Pennsylvania=Lancaster, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen=Shenzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upland,_California=Upland, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah,_Georgia=Savannah, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Petersburg,_Florida=St. Petersburg, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apeldoorn=Apeldoorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham,_Alabama=Birmingham, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utica,_New_York=Utica, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calais,_Maine=Calais, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellsburg,_West_Virginia=Wellsburg, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kian=Kian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juneau,_Alaska=Juneau, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannapolis,_North_Carolina=Kannapolis, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitka,_Alaska=Sitka, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flint,_Michigan=Flint, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schiedam=Schiedam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield=Sheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_London,_Connecticut=New London, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyandotte,_Michigan=Wyandotte, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchener,_Ontario=Kitchener, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babina=Babina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennewick,_Washington=Kennewick, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waynesboro,_Virginia=Waynesboro, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester,_Virginia=Winchester, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamsburg,_Virginia=Williamsburg, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Virginia=Salem, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Beach,_Virginia=Virginia Beach, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radford,_Virginia=Radford, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poquoson,_Virginia=Poquoson, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petersburg,_Virginia=Petersburg, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton,_Virginia=Norton, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manassas_Park,_Virginia=Manassas Park, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_News,_Virginia=Newport News, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinsville,_Virginia=Martinsville, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manassas,_Virginia=Manassas, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynchburg,_Virginia=Lynchburg, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Virginia=Lexington, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisonburg,_Virginia=Harrisonburg, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galax,_Virginia=Galax, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Virginia=Franklin, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredericksburg,_Virginia=Fredericksburg, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_Church,_Virginia=Falls Church, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emporia,_Virginia=Emporia, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax,_Virginia=Fairfax, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danville,_Virginia=Danville, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buena_Vista,_Virginia=Buena Vista, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_Heights,_Virginia=Colonial Heights, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covington,_Virginia=Covington, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottesville,_Virginia=Charlottesville, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake,_Virginia=Chesapeake, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol,_Virginia=Bristol, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Massachusetts=Springfield, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasadena,_California=Pasadena, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresno,_California=Fresno, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa,_Florida=Tampa, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington,_West_Virginia=Huntington, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonkers,_New_York=Yonkers, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quetta=Quetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth,_New_Hampshire=Portsmouth, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach,_California=Long Beach, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastopol,_California=Sebastopol, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton=Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington,_Texas=Arlington, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferndale,_Michigan=Ferndale, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedona,_Arizona=Sedona, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluj-Napoca=Cluj-Napoca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mount,_North_Carolina=Rocky Mount, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Indiana=Richmond, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Park,_Maryland=College Park, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton,_California=Stockton, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester,_Massachusetts=Worcester, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Falls,_Idaho=Post Falls, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim=Mannheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prattville,_Alabama=Prattville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Minette,_Alabama=Bay Minette, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne,_Alabama=Daphne, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foley,_Alabama=Foley, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairhope,_Alabama=Fairhope, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Shores,_Alabama=Gulf Shores, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Beach,_Alabama=Orange Beach, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertsdale,_Alabama=Robertsdale, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Fort,_Alabama=Spanish Fort, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin_Dells,_Wisconsin=Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selma,_Alabama=Selma, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terre_Haute,_Indiana=Terre Haute, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida=Orlando, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatineau=Gatineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City=Quebec City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina,_Saskatchewan=Regina, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clio,_Alabama=Clio, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brent,_Alabama=Brent, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centreville,_Alabama=Centreville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eufaula,_Alabama=Eufaula, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oneonta,_Alabama=Oneonta, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior,_Alabama=Warrior, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Springs,_Alabama=Union Springs, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_Alabama=Greenville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestonsburg,_Kentucky=Prestonsburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owensboro,_Kentucky=Owensboro, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse_Cave,_Kentucky=Horse Cave, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowknife=Yellowknife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amersfoort=Amersfoort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evanston,_Illinois=Evanston, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tijuana=Tijuana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gouda=Gouda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sopron=Sopron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Point,_Wisconsin=Stevens Point, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden,_New_Jersey=Camden, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chattanooga,_Tennessee=Chattanooga, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich=Norwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encinitas,_California=Encinitas, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anniston,_Alabama=Anniston, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glencoe,_Alabama=Glencoe, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Alabama=Jacksonville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaver,_Alabama=Weaver, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedmont,_Alabama=Piedmont, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford,_Alabama=Oxford, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southside,_Alabama=Southside, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley,_Alabama=Valley, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaFayette,_Alabama=LaFayette, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanett,_Alabama=Lanett, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre,_Alabama=Centre, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calera,_Alabama=Calera, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemison,_Alabama=Jemison, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clanton,_Alabama=Clanton, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lineville,_Alabama=Lineville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Alabama=Jackson, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heflin,_Alabama=Heflin, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elba,_Alabama=Elba, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise,_Alabama=Enterprise, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuscumbia,_Alabama=Tuscumbia, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen,_Alabama=Evergreen, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield,_Alabama=Sheffield, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscle_Shoals,_Alabama=Muscle Shoals, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andalusia,_Alabama=Andalusia, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opp,_Alabama=Opp, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luverne,_Alabama=Luverne, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab,_Alabama=Arab, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cullman,_Alabama=Cullman, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanceville,_Alabama=Hanceville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daleville,_Alabama=Daleville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_Plains,_Alabama=Level Plains, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dothan,_Alabama=Dothan, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozark,_Alabama=Ozark, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Payne,_Alabama=Fort Payne, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henagar,_Alabama=Henagar, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainsville,_Alabama=Rainsville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallassee,_Alabama=Tallassee, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Brewton,_Alabama=East Brewton, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmore,_Alabama=Atmore, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewton,_Alabama=Brewton, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetumpka,_Alabama=Wetumpka, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadsden,_Alabama=Gadsden, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boaz,_Alabama=Boaz, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokes_Bluff,_Alabama=Hokes Bluff, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attalla,_Alabama=Attalla, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_City,_Alabama=Rainbow City, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayette,_Alabama=Fayette, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winfield,_Alabama=Winfield, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russellville,_Alabama=Russellville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bay,_Alabama=Red Bay, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford,_Alabama=Hartford, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva,_Alabama=Geneva, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slocomb,_Alabama=Slocomb, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson,_Alabama=Samson, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutaw,_Alabama=Eutaw, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensboro,_Alabama=Greensboro, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbeville,_Alabama=Abbeville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headland,_Alabama=Headland, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport,_Alabama=Bridgeport, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevenson,_Alabama=Stevenson, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottsboro,_Alabama=Scottsboro, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton,_Alabama=Brighton, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_Point,_Alabama=Center Point, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay,_Alabama=Clay, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessemer,_Alabama=Bessemer, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Alabama=Fairfield, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardendale,_Alabama=Gardendale, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fultondale,_Alabama=Fultondale, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graysville,_Alabama=Graysville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena,_Alabama=Helena, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irondale,_Alabama=Irondale, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homewood,_Alabama=Homewood, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly,_Alabama=Kimberly, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoover,_Alabama=Hoover, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hueytown,_Alabama=Hueytown, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipscomb,_Alabama=Lipscomb, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds,_Alabama=Leeds, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Brook,_Alabama=Mountain Brook, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinson,_Alabama=Pinson, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Grove,_Alabama=Pleasant Grove, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumiton,_Alabama=Sumiton, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarrant,_Alabama=Tarrant, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestavia_Hills,_Alabama=Vestavia Hills, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trussville,_Alabama=Trussville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon,_Alabama=Vernon, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulligent,_Alabama=Sulligent, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence,_Alabama=Florence, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulton,_Alabama=Moulton, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Alabama=Auburn, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiths_Station,_Alabama=Smiths Station, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenix_City,_Alabama=Phenix City, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens,_Alabama=Athens, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opelika,_Alabama=Opelika, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur,_Alabama=Decatur, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Alabama=Madison, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville,_Alabama=Huntsville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuskegee,_Alabama=Tuskegee, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hope,_Alabama=New Hope, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demopolis,_Alabama=Demopolis, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linden,_Alabama=Linden, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guin,_Alabama=Guin, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haleyville,_Alabama=Haleyville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Alabama=Hamilton, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albertville,_Alabama=Albertville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickasaw,_Alabama=Chickasaw, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayou_La_Batre,_Alabama=Bayou La Batre, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citronelle,_Alabama=Citronelle, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guntersville,_Alabama=Guntersville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creola,_Alabama=Creola, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prichard,_Alabama=Prichard, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraland,_Alabama=Saraland, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satsuma,_Alabama=Satsuma, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroeville,_Alabama=Monroeville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartselle,_Alabama=Hartselle, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniontown,_Alabama=Uniontown, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Alabama=Marion, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reform,_Alabama=Reform, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brundidge,_Alabama=Brundidge, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roanoke,_Alabama=Roanoke, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_Alabama=Troy, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabaster,_Alabama=Alabaster, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea,_Alabama=Chelsea, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childersburg,_Alabama=Childersburg, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbiana,_Alabama=Columbiana, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leavenworth,_Kansas=Leavenworth, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevallo,_Alabama=Montevallo, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent,_Alabama=Vincent, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelham,_Alabama=Pelham, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret,_Alabama=Margaret, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody,_Alabama=Moody, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashville,_Alabama=Ashville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pell_City,_Alabama=Pell City, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springville,_Alabama=Springville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Alabama=Lincoln, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston,_Alabama=Livingston, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York,_Alabama=York, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylacauga,_Alabama=Sylacauga, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talladega,_Alabama=Talladega, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_City,_Alabama=Alexander City, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dadeville,_Alabama=Dadeville, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northport,_Alabama=Northport, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Hill,_Alabama=Carbon Hill, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora,_Alabama=Dora, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper,_Alabama=Jasper, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordova,_Alabama=Cordova, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden,_Alabama=Camden, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuscaloosa,_Alabama=Tuscaloosa, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akutan,_Alaska=Akutan, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Bay,_Alaska=Cold Bay, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/False_Pass,_Alaska=False Pass, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Cove,_Alaska=King Cove, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atka,_Alaska=Atka, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_Point,_Alaska=Sand Point, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adak,_Alaska=Adak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George,_Alaska=St. George, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul,_Alaska=St. Paul, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unalaska,_Alaska=Unalaska, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiak,_Alaska=Akiak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aniak,_Alaska=Aniak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menlo_Park,_California=Menlo Park, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethel,_Alaska=Bethel, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chefornak,_Alaska=Chefornak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnews_Bay,_Alaska=Goodnews Bay, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuathbaluk,_Alaska=Chuathbaluk, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eek,_Alaska=Eek, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwethluk,_Alaska=Kwethluk, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Kalskag,_Alaska=Lower Kalskag, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napakiak,_Alaska=Napakiak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napaskiak,_Alaska=Napaskiak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum,_Alaska=Platinum, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunapitchuk,_Alaska=Nunapitchuk, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmute,_Alaska=Nightmute, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinhagak,_Alaska=Quinhagak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mekoryuk,_Alaska=Mekoryuk, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toksook_Bay,_Alaska=Toksook Bay, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Kalskag,_Alaska=Upper Kalskag, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson,_Alaska=Anderson, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleknagik,_Alaska=Aleknagik, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manokotak,_Alaska=Manokotak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekwok,_Alaska=Ekwok, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillingham,_Alaska=Dillingham, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Stuyahok,_Alaska=New Stuyahok, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Togiak,_Alaska=Togiak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairbanks,_Alaska=Fairbanks, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Pole,_Alaska=North Pole, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haines,_Alaska=Haines, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kachemak,_Alaska=Kachemak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenai,_Alaska=Kenai, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homer,_Alaska=Homer, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seldovia,_Alaska=Seldovia, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seward,_Alaska=Seward, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldotna,_Alaska=Soldotna, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxman,_Alaska=Saxman, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhiok,_Alaska=Akhiok, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketchikan,_Alaska=Ketchikan, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larsen_Bay,_Alaska=Larsen Bay, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodiak,_Alaska=Kodiak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Harbor,_Alaska=Old Harbor, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Lions,_Alaska=Port Lions, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouzinkie,_Alaska=Ouzinkie, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chignik,_Alaska=Chignik, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egegik,_Alaska=Egegik, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newhalen,_Alaska=Newhalen, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nondalton,_Alaska=Nondalton, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Point,_Alaska=Pilot Point, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Heiden,_Alaska=Port Heiden, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston,_Alaska=Houston, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer,_Alaska=Palmer, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevig_Mission,_Alaska=Brevig Mission, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koyuk,_Alaska=Koyuk, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golovin,_Alaska=Golovin, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diomede,_Alaska=Diomede, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elim,_Alaska=Elim, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambell,_Alaska=Gambell, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome,_Alaska=Nome, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savoonga,_Alaska=Savoonga, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaktoolik,_Alaska=Shaktoolik, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shishmaref,_Alaska=Shishmaref, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Michael,_Alaska=St. Michael, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stebbins,_Alaska=Stebbins, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unalakleet,_Alaska=Unalakleet, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mountain,_Alaska=White Mountain, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wales,_Alaska=Wales, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atqasuk,_Alaska=Atqasuk, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaktuvuk_Pass,_Alaska=Anaktuvuk Pass, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuiqsut,_Alaska=Nuiqsut, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaktovik,_Alaska=Kaktovik, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teller,_Alaska=Teller, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Hope,_Alaska=Point Hope, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrow,_Alaska=Barrow, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambler,_Alaska=Ambler, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deering,_Alaska=Deering, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiana,_Alaska=Kiana, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wainwright,_Alaska=Wainwright, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckland,_Alaska=Buckland, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kivalina,_Alaska=Kivalina, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobuk,_Alaska=Kobuk, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noorvik,_Alaska=Noorvik, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotzebue,_Alaska=Kotzebue, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shungnak,_Alaska=Shungnak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffman_Cove,_Alaska=Coffman Cove, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_Bay,_Alaska=Edna Bay, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selawik,_Alaska=Selawik, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydaburg,_Alaska=Hydaburg, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig,_Alaska=Craig, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasaan,_Alaska=Kasaan, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klawock,_Alaska=Klawock, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorne_Bay,_Alaska=Thorne Bay, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angoon,_Alaska=Angoon, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavus,_Alaska=Gustavus, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoonah,_Alaska=Hoonah, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican,_Alaska=Pelican, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenakee_Springs,_Alaska=Tenakee Springs, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Junction,_Alaska=Delta Junction, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle,_Alaska=Eagle, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordova,_Alaska=Cordova, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valdez,_Alaska=Valdez, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittier,_Alaska=Whittier, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevak,_Alaska=Chevak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooper_Bay,_Alaska=Hooper Bay, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmonak,_Alaska=Emmonak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alakanuk,_Alaska=Alakanuk, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotlik,_Alaska=Kotlik, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Alaska=Marshall, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Village,_Alaska=Mountain Village, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunam_Iqua,_Alaska=Nunam Iqua, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary's,_Alaska=St. Mary's, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scammon_Bay,_Alaska=Scammon Bay, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Station,_Alaska=Pilot Station, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kupreanof,_Alaska=Kupreanof, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kake,_Alaska=Kake, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Mission,_Alaska=Russian Mission, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Alexander,_Alaska=Port Alexander, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anvik,_Alaska=Anvik, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettles,_Alaska=Bettles, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allakaket,_Alaska=Allakaket, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Yukon,_Alaska=Fort Yukon, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayling,_Alaska=Grayling, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross,_Alaska=Holy Cross, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes,_Alaska=Hughes, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huslia,_Alaska=Huslia, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaltag,_Alaska=Kaltag, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koyukuk,_Alaska=Koyukuk, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galena,_Alaska=Galena, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGrath,_Alaska=McGrath, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai,_Alaska=Nikolai, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nenana,_Alaska=Nenana, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby,_Alaska=Ruby, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nulato,_Alaska=Nulato, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanana,_Alaska=Tanana, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shageluk,_Alaska=Shageluk, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_Massachusetts=Newton, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian,_Mississippi=Meridian, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_City,_New_Jersey=Atlantic City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millbrook,_Alabama=Millbrook, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns,_Arizona=St. Johns, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benson,_Arizona=Benson, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas,_Arizona=Douglas, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisbee,_Arizona=Bisbee, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willcox,_Arizona=Willcox, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Vista,_Arizona=Sierra Vista, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombstone,_Arizona=Tombstone, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page,_Arizona=Page, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams,_Arizona=Williams, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe,_Arizona=Globe, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safford,_Arizona=Safford, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Junction,_Arizona=Apache Junction, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avondale,_Arizona=Avondale, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckeye,_Arizona=Buckeye, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Mirage,_Arizona=El Mirage, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler,_Arizona=Chandler, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litchfield_Park,_Arizona=Litchfield Park, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodyear,_Arizona=Goodyear, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendale,_Arizona=Glendale, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa,_Arizona=Mesa, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peoria,_Arizona=Peoria, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprise,_Arizona=Surprise, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottsdale,_Arizona=Scottsdale, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolleson,_Arizona=Tolleson, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempe,_Arizona=Tempe, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullhead_City,_Arizona=Bullhead City, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Havasu_City,_Arizona=Lake Havasu City, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingman,_Arizona=Kingman, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holbrook,_Arizona=Holbrook, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winslow,_Arizona=Winslow, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Tucson,_Arizona=South Tucson, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coolidge,_Arizona=Coolidge, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Grande,_Arizona=Casa Grande, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eloy,_Arizona=Eloy, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maricopa,_Arizona=Maricopa, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nogales,_Arizona=Nogales, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood,_Arizona=Cottonwood, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prescott,_Arizona=Prescott, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerton,_Arizona=Somerton, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Witt,_Arkansas=De Witt, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillett,_Arkansas=Gillett, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuma,_Arizona=Yuma, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossett,_Arkansas=Crossett, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuttgart,_Arkansas=Stuttgart, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey,_Arkansas=Humphrey, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrose,_Arkansas=Montrose, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkdale,_Arkansas=Parkdale, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Arkansas=Portland, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briarcliff,_Arkansas=Briarcliff, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmot,_Arkansas=Wilmot, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gassville,_Arkansas=Gassville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotter,_Arkansas=Cotter, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethel_Heights,_Arkansas=Bethel Heights, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesville,_Arkansas=Salesville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Vista,_Arkansas=Bella Vista, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Home,_Arkansas=Mountain Home, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_Springs,_Arkansas=Cave Springs, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerton,_Arkansas=Centerton, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur,_Arkansas=Decatur, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentonville,_Arkansas=Bentonville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfork,_Arkansas=Norfork, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elm_Springs,_Arkansas=Elm Springs, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentry,_Arkansas=Gentry, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravette,_Arkansas=Gravette, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Flock,_Arkansas=Little Flock, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell,_Arkansas=Lowell, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers,_Arkansas=Rogers, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulphur_Springs,_Benton_County,_Arkansas=Sulphur Springs, Benton County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pea_Ridge,_Arkansas=Pea Ridge, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siloam_Springs,_Arkansas=Siloam Springs, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springdale,_Arkansas=Springdale, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_City,_Arkansas=Diamond City, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_Arkansas=Harrison, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermitage,_Arkansas=Hermitage, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren,_Arkansas=Warren, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton,_Arkansas=Hampton, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornton,_Arkansas=Thornton, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berryville,_Arkansas=Berryville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Forest,_Arkansas=Green Forest, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_Springs,_Arkansas=Eureka Springs, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudora,_Arkansas=Eudora, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dermott,_Arkansas=Dermott, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity,_Arkansas=Amity, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Village,_Arkansas=Lake Village, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurdon,_Arkansas=Gurdon, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkadelphia,_Arkansas=Arkadelphia, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corning,_Arkansas=Corning, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenway,_Arkansas=Greenway, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knobel,_Arkansas=Knobel, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDougal,_Arkansas=McDougal, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peach_Orchard,_Arkansas=Peach Orchard, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollard,_Arkansas=Pollard, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis,_Arkansas=St. Francis, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piggott,_Arkansas=Piggott, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rector,_Arkansas=Rector, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield_Bay,_Arkansas=Fairfield Bay, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greers_Ferry,_Arkansas=Greers Ferry, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heber_Springs,_Arkansas=Heber Springs, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quitman,_Arkansas=Quitman, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsland,_Arkansas=Kingsland, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia,_Arkansas=Magnolia, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rison,_Arkansas=Rison, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrilton,_Arkansas=Morrilton, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oppelo,_Arkansas=Oppelo, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plumerville,_Arkansas=Plumerville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay,_Arkansas=Bay, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bono,_Arkansas=Bono, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookland,_Arkansas=Brookland, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caraway,_Arkansas=Caraway, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash,_Arkansas=Cash, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_City,_Arkansas=Lake City, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monette,_Arkansas=Monette, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonesboro,_Arkansas=Jonesboro, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma,_Arkansas=Alma, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedarville,_Arkansas=Cedarville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyer,_Arkansas=Dyer, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kibler,_Arkansas=Kibler, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountainburg,_Arkansas=Mountainburg, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulberry,_Arkansas=Mulberry, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawfordsville,_Arkansas=Crawfordsville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earle,_Arkansas=Earle, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilmore,_Arkansas=Gilmore, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Arkansas=Marion, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turrell,_Arkansas=Turrell, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Buren,_Arkansas=Van Buren, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkin,_Arkansas=Parkin, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory_Ridge,_Arkansas=Hickory Ridge, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Valley,_Arkansas=Cherry Valley, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wynne,_Arkansas=Wynne, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordyce,_Arkansas=Fordyce, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Memphis,_Arkansas=West Memphis, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchellville,_Arkansas=Mitchellville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparkman,_Arkansas=Sparkman, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGehee,_Arkansas=McGehee, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumas,_Arkansas=Dumas, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson,_Arkansas=Watson, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome,_Arkansas=Jerome, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello,_Arkansas=Monticello, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damascus,_Arkansas=Damascus, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway,_Arkansas=Conway, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmar,_Arkansas=Wilmar, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayflower,_Arkansas=Mayflower, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbrier,_Arkansas=Greenbrier, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Arkansas=Holland, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy,_Arkansas=Guy, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_Arkansas=Mount Vernon, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branch,_Arkansas=Branch, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooster,_Arkansas=Wooster, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilonia,_Arkansas=Vilonia, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston,_Arkansas=Charleston, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ash_Flat,_Arkansas=Ash Flat, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee_Village,_Arkansas=Cherokee Village, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altus,_Arkansas=Altus, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozark,_Arkansas=Ozark, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseshoe_Bend,_Arkansas=Horseshoe Bend, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountain_Lake,_Arkansas=Fountain Lake, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Fulton_County,_Arkansas=Salem, Fulton County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammoth_Spring,_Arkansas=Mammoth Spring, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Pine,_Arkansas=Mountain Pine, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leola,_Arkansas=Leola, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Springs,_Arkansas=Hot Springs, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmaduke,_Arkansas=Marmaduke, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prattsville,_Arkansas=Prattsville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan,_Arkansas=Sheridan, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Grove_Heights,_Arkansas=Oak Grove Heights, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blevins,_Arkansas=Blevins, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmet,_Arkansas=Emmet, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paragould,_Arkansas=Paragould, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Arkansas=Washington, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockport,_Arkansas=Rockport, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dierks,_Arkansas=Dierks, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malvern,_Arkansas=Malvern, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral_Springs,_Arkansas=Mineral Springs, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville,_Arkansas=Nashville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_City,_Arkansas=Cave City, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batesville,_Arkansas=Batesville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushman,_Arkansas=Cushman, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_Arkansas=Newark, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne,_Arkansas=Melbourne, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calico_Rock,_Arkansas=Calico Rock, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford,_Arkansas=Oxford, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Station,_Arkansas=Campbell Station, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diaz,_Arkansas=Diaz, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grubbs,_Arkansas=Grubbs, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swifton,_Arkansas=Swifton, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuckerman,_Arkansas=Tuckerman, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Arkansas=Newport, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altheimer,_Arkansas=Altheimer, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redfield,_Arkansas=Redfield, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Hall,_Arkansas=White Hall, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarksville,_Arkansas=Clarksville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Hill,_Arkansas=Coal Hill, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Bluff,_Arkansas=Pine Bluff, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartman,_Arkansas=Hartman, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knoxville,_Arkansas=Knoxville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamar,_Arkansas=Lamar, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rock,_Arkansas=Black Rock, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imboden,_Arkansas=Imboden, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_City,_Arkansas=College City, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoxie,_Arkansas=Hoxie, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Ridge,_Arkansas=Walnut Ridge, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianna,_Arkansas=Marianna, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gould,_Arkansas=Gould, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_City,_Arkansas=Star City, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreman,_Arkansas=Foreman, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashdown,_Arkansas=Ashdown, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grady,_Arkansas=Grady, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winthrop,_Arkansas=Winthrop, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caulksville,_Arkansas=Caulksville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magazine,_Arkansas=Magazine, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scranton,_Arkansas=Scranton, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratcliff,_Arkansas=Ratcliff, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booneville,_Arkansas=Booneville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subiaco,_Arkansas=Subiaco, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris,_Arkansas=Paris, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabot,_Arkansas=Cabot, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlisle,_Arkansas=Carlisle, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Arkansas=Austin, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humnoke,_Arkansas=Humnoke, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward,_Arkansas=Ward, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull_Shoals,_Arkansas=Bull Shoals, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville,_Arkansas=Huntsville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit,_Arkansas=Summit, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fouke,_Arkansas=Fouke, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellville,_Arkansas=Yellville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texarkana,_Arkansas=Texarkana, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosnell,_Arkansas=Gosnell, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joiner,_Arkansas=Joiner, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiser,_Arkansas=Keiser, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blytheville,_Arkansas=Blytheville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxora,_Arkansas=Luxora, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leachville,_Arkansas=Leachville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila,_Arkansas=Manila, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson,_Arkansas=Wilson, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osceola,_Arkansas=Osceola, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Grove,_Arkansas=Holly Grove, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon,_Arkansas=Clarendon, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brinkley,_Arkansas=Brinkley, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ida,_Arkansas=Mount Ida, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prescott,_Arkansas=Prescott, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper,_Arkansas=Jasper, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chidester,_Arkansas=Chidester, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Camden,_Arkansas=East Camden, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bearden,_Arkansas=Bearden, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephens,_Arkansas=Stephens, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adona,_Arkansas=Adona, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perryville,_Arkansas=Perryville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena,_Arkansas=Helena, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine,_Arkansas=Elaine, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Helena,_Arkansas=West Helena, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvell,_Arkansas=Marvell, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher,_Arkansas=Fisher, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenwood,_Arkansas=Glenwood, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murfreesboro,_Arkansas=Murfreesboro, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg,_Arkansas=Harrisburg, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lepanto,_Arkansas=Lepanto, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trumann,_Arkansas=Trumann, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marked_Tree,_Arkansas=Marked Tree, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyronza,_Arkansas=Tyronza, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weiner,_Arkansas=Weiner, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wickes,_Arkansas=Wickes, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atkins,_Arkansas=Atkins, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover,_Arkansas=Dover, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mena,_Arkansas=Mena, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London,_Arkansas=London, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pottsville,_Arkansas=Pottsville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russellville,_Arkansas=Russellville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Arc,_Arkansas=Des Arc, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazen,_Arkansas=Hazen, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cammack_Village,_Arkansas=Cammack Village, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredonia_(Biscoe),_Arkansas=Fredonia (Biscoe), Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Arkansas=Jacksonville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maumelle,_Arkansas=Maumelle, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Little_Rock,_Arkansas=North Little Rock, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrightsville,_Arkansas=Wrightsville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherwood,_Arkansas=Sherwood, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocahontas,_Arkansas=Pocahontas, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reyno,_Arkansas=Reyno, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton,_Arkansas=Benton, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryant,_Arkansas=Bryant, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haskell,_Arkansas=Haskell, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Hills,_Arkansas=Shannon Hills, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traskwood,_Arkansas=Traskwood, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield,_Arkansas=Mansfield, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie,_Arkansas=Leslie, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldron,_Arkansas=Waldron, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barling,_Arkansas=Barling, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Arkansas=Marshall, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_City,_Arkansas=Central City, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonanza,_Arkansas=Bonanza, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackett,_Arkansas=Hackett, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford,_Arkansas=Hartford, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington,_Arkansas=Huntington, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood,_Arkansas=Greenwood, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavaca,_Arkansas=Lavaca, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening_Shade,_Arkansas=Evening Shade, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio,_Arkansas=Horatio, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockesburg,_Arkansas=Lockesburg, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Queen,_Arkansas=De Queen, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Smith,_Arkansas=Fort Smith, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colt,_Arkansas=Colt, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell,_Arkansas=Caldwell, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland,_Arkansas=Highland, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardy,_Arkansas=Hardy, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_City,_Arkansas=Forrest City, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes,_Arkansas=Hughes, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty-Six,_Arkansas=Fifty-Six, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Arkansas=Madison, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calion,_Arkansas=Calion, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palestine,_Arkansas=Palestine, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_View,_Arkansas=Mountain View, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huttig,_Arkansas=Huttig, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norphlet,_Arkansas=Norphlet, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction_City,_Arkansas=Junction City, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Arkansas=Clinton, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smackover,_Arkansas=Smackover, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong,_Arkansas=Strong, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkins,_Arkansas=Elkins, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Dorado,_Arkansas=El Dorado, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland,_Arkansas=Greenland, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmington,_Arkansas=Farmington, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson,_Arkansas=Johnson, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goshen,_Arkansas=Goshen, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Arkansas=Lincoln, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_Grove,_Arkansas=Prairie Grove, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tontitown,_Arkansas=Tontitown, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Fork,_Arkansas=West Fork, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayetteville,_Arkansas=Fayetteville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winslow,_Arkansas=Winslow, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford,_Arkansas=Bradford, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higginson,_Arkansas=Higginson, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bald_Knob,_Arkansas=Bald Knob, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beebe,_Arkansas=Beebe, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judsonia,_Arkansas=Judsonia, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangburn,_Arkansas=Pangburn, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McRae,_Arkansas=McRae, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensett,_Arkansas=Kensett, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta,_Arkansas=Augusta, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Plant,_Arkansas=Cotton Plant, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searcy,_Arkansas=Searcy, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterson,_Arkansas=Patterson, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleville,_Arkansas=Belleville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danville,_Arkansas=Danville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCrory,_Arkansas=McCrory, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dardanelle,_Arkansas=Dardanelle, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ola,_Arkansas=Ola, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana,_Arkansas=Havana, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainview,_Arkansas=Plainview, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin,_California=Dublin, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emeryville,_California=Emeryville, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_California=Newark, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayward,_California=Hayward, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedmont,_California=Piedmont, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livermore,_California=Livermore, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasanton,_California=Pleasanton, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_City,_California=Union City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Leandro,_California=San Leandro, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth,_California=Plymouth, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_California=Jackson, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ione,_California=Ione, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amador_City,_California=Amador City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutter_Creek,_California=Sutter Creek, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biggs,_California=Biggs, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico,_California=Chico, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gridley,_California=Gridley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oroville,_California=Oroville, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_Camp,_California=Angels Camp, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams,_California=Williams, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colusa,_California=Colusa, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antioch,_California=Antioch, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton,_California=Clayton, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentwood,_California=Brentwood, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concord,_California=Concord, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cerrito,_California=El Cerrito, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules,_California=Hercules, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafayette,_California=Lafayette, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinez,_California=Martinez, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakley,_California=Oakley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orinda,_California=Orinda, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinole,_California=Pinole, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Hill,_California=Pleasant Hill, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburg,_California=Pittsburg, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pablo,_California=San Pablo, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Ramon,_California=San Ramon, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_City,_California=Crescent City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Creek,_California=Walnut Creek, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placerville,_California=Placerville, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clovis,_California=Clovis, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coalinga,_California=Coalinga, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firebaugh,_California=Firebaugh, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fowler,_California=Fowler, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron,_California=Huron, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendota,_California=Mendota, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerman,_California=Kerman, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsburg,_California=Kingsburg, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parlier,_California=Parlier, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Cove,_California=Orange Cove, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Joaquin,_California=San Joaquin, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reedley,_California=Reedley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selma,_California=Selma, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanger,_California=Sanger, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orland,_California=Orland, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willows,_California=Willows, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Lake,_California=Blue Lake, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcata,_California=Arcata, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortuna,_California=Fortuna, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferndale,_California=Ferndale, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka,_California=Eureka, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Dell,_California=Rio Dell, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad,_California=Trinidad, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brawley,_California=Brawley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calipatria,_California=Calipatria, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calexico,_California=Calexico, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holtville,_California=Holtville, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Centro,_California=El Centro, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial,_California=Imperial, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmorland,_California=Westmorland, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop,_California=Bishop, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvin,_California=Arvin, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakersfield,_California=Bakersfield, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_City,_California=California City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delano,_California=Delano, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maricopa,_California=Maricopa, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McFarland,_California=McFarland, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgecrest,_California=Ridgecrest, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shafter,_California=Shafter, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taft,_California=Taft, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehachapi,_California=Tehachapi, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasco,_California=Wasco, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenal,_California=Avenal, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corcoran,_California=Corcoran, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemoore,_California=Lemoore, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanford,_California=Hanford, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearlake,_California=Clearlake, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeport,_California=Lakeport, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanville,_California=Susanville, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alhambra,_California=Alhambra, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agoura_Hills,_California=Agoura Hills, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia,_California=Arcadia, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artesia,_California=Artesia, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon,_California=Avalon, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_Park,_California=Baldwin Park, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azusa,_California=Azusa, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell,_California=Bell, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Gardens,_California=Bell Gardens, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradbury,_California=Bradbury, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellflower,_California=Bellflower, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson,_California=Carson, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claremont,_California=Claremont, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerritos,_California=Cerritos, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commerce,_California=Commerce, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burbank,_California=Burbank, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton,_California=Compton, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cudahy,_California=Cudahy, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covina,_California=Covina, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Bar,_California=Diamond Bar, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culver_City,_California=Culver City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downey,_California=Downey, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duarte,_California=Duarte, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Monte,_California=El Monte, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Segundo,_California=El Segundo, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardena,_California=Gardena, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaiian_Gardens,_California=Hawaiian Gardens, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendora,_California=Glendora, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermosa_Beach,_California=Hermosa Beach, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Hills,_California=Hidden Hills, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne,_California=Hawthorne, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_Park,_California=Huntington Park, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industry,_California=Industry, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwindale,_California=Irwindale, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inglewood,_California=Inglewood, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Habra_Heights,_California=La Habra Heights, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Puente,_California=La Puente, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Verne,_California=La Verne, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Mirada,_California=La Mirada, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_California=Lancaster, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawndale,_California=Lawndale, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomita,_California=Lomita, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu,_California=Malibu, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Beach,_California=Manhattan Beach, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montebello,_California=Montebello, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monrovia,_California=Monrovia, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maywood,_California=Maywood, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterey_Park,_California=Monterey Park, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwalk,_California=Norwalk, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount,_California=Paramount, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palos_Verdes_Estates,_California=Palos Verdes Estates, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pico_Rivera,_California=Pico Rivera, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmdale,_California=Palmdale, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Hills,_California=Rolling Hills, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomona,_California=Pomona, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Dimas,_California=San Dimas, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemead,_California=Rosemead, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Palos_Verdes,_California=Rancho Palos Verdes, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redondo_Beach,_California=Redondo Beach, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Fernando,_California=San Fernando, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Gabriel,_California=San Gabriel, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marino,_California=San Marino, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Springs,_California=Santa Fe Springs, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_El_Monte,_California=South El Monte, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Madre,_California=Sierra Madre, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signal_Hill,_California=Signal Hill, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Gate,_California=South Gate, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pasadena,_California=South Pasadena, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_City,_California=Temple City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon,_California=Vernon, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrance,_California=Torrance, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut,_California=Walnut, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Covina,_California=West Covina, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hollywood,_California=West Hollywood, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madera,_California=Madera, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittier,_California=Whittier, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chowchilla,_California=Chowchilla, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belvedere,_California=Belvedere, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larkspur,_California=Larkspur, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novato,_California=Novato, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Valley,_California=Mill Valley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Rafael,_California=San Rafael, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sausalito,_California=Sausalito, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Bragg,_California=Fort Bragg, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willits,_California=Willits, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukiah,_California=Ukiah, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Arena,_California=Point Arena, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustine,_California=Gustine, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atwater,_California=Atwater, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dos_Palos,_California=Dos Palos, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston,_California=Livingston, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alturas,_California=Alturas, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Banos,_California=Los Banos, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmel-by-the-Sea,_California=Carmel-by-the-Sea, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Rey_Oaks,_California=Del Rey Oaks, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonzales,_California=Gonzales, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_City,_California=King City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenfield,_California=Greenfield, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina,_California=Marina, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Grove,_California=Pacific Grove, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_City,_California=Sand City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salinas,_California=Salinas, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaside,_California=Seaside, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Canyon,_California=American Canyon, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soledad,_California=Soledad, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calistoga,_California=Calistoga, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada_City,_California=Nevada City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_Valley,_California=Grass Valley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Helena,_California=St. Helena, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napa,_California=Napa, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brea,_California=Brea, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buena_Park,_California=Buena Park, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costa_Mesa,_California=Costa Mesa, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliso_Viejo,_California=Aliso Viejo, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypress,_California=Cypress, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Point,_California=Dana Point, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullerton,_California=Fullerton, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Grove,_California=Garden Grove, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Habra,_California=La Habra, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Palma,_California=La Palma, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_Woods,_California=Laguna Woods, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_Beach,_California=Laguna Beach, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Forest,_California=Lake Forest, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_Hills,_California=Laguna Hills, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamitos,_California=Los Alamitos, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_Niguel,_California=Laguna Niguel, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Viejo,_California=Mission Viejo, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Beach,_California=Newport Beach, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Santa_Margarita,_California=Rancho Santa Margarita, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange,_California=Orange, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placentia,_California=Placentia, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal_Beach,_California=Seal Beach, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_Capistrano,_California=San Juan Capistrano, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Clemente,_California=San Clemente, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton,_California=Stanton, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tustin,_California=Tustin, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_California=Auburn, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster,_California=Westminster, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Park,_California=Villa Park, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colfax,_California=Colfax, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorba_Linda,_California=Yorba Linda, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_California=Lincoln, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocklin,_California=Rocklin, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseville,_California=Roseville, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portola,_California=Portola, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banning,_California=Banning, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyon_Lake,_California=Canyon Lake, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaumont,_California=Beaumont, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blythe,_California=Blythe, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_City,_California=Cathedral City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calimesa,_California=Calimesa, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corona,_California=Corona, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coachella,_California=Coachella, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Hot_Springs,_California=Desert Hot Springs, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemet,_California=Hemet, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Wells,_California=Indian Wells, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Elsinore,_California=Lake Elsinore, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Quinta,_California=La Quinta, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indio,_California=Indio, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norco,_California=Norco, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moreno_Valley,_California=Moreno Valley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murrieta,_California=Murrieta, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Desert,_California=Palm Desert, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perris,_California=Perris, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Mirage,_California=Rancho Mirage, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jacinto,_California=San Jacinto, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside,_California=Riverside, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildomar,_California=Wildomar, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temecula,_California=Temecula, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citrus_Heights,_California=Citrus Heights, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Grove,_California=Elk Grove, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folsom,_California=Folsom, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galt,_California=Galt, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isleton,_California=Isleton, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Cordova,_California=Rancho Cordova, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_Bautista,_California=San Juan Bautista, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollister,_California=Hollister, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelanto,_California=Adelanto, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bear_Lake,_California=Big Bear Lake, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chino,_California=Chino, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barstow,_California=Barstow, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colton,_California=Colton, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Terrace,_California=Grand Terrace, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chino_Hills,_California=Chino Hills, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontana,_California=Fontana, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesperia,_California=Hesperia, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland,_California=Highland, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montclair,_California=Montclair, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Needles,_California=Needles, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rialto,_California=Rialto, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Cucamonga,_California=Rancho Cucamonga, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redlands,_California=Redlands, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Bernardino,_California=San Bernardino, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario,_California=Ontario, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorville,_California=Victorville, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yucaipa,_California=Yucaipa, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chula_Vista,_California=Chula Vista, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsbad,_California=Carlsbad, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cajon,_California=El Cajon, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Mar,_California=Del Mar, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronado,_California=Coronado, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escondido,_California=Escondido, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Mesa,_California=La Mesa, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Beach,_California=Imperial Beach, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_Grove,_California=Lemon Grove, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_City,_California=National City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceanside,_California=Oceanside, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poway,_California=Poway, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marcos,_California=San Marcos, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santee,_California=Santee, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solana_Beach,_California=Solana Beach, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escalon,_California=Escalon, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vista,_California=Vista, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lathrop,_California=Lathrop, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripon,_California=Ripon, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodi,_California=Lodi, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manteca,_California=Manteca, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arroyo_Grande,_California=Arroyo Grande, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atascadero,_California=Atascadero, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy,_California=Tracy, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grover_Beach,_California=Grover Beach, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pismo_Beach,_California=Pismo Beach, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morro_Bay,_California=Morro Bay, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Luis_Obispo,_California=San Luis Obispo, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont,_California=Belmont, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane,_California=Brisbane, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlingame,_California=Burlingame, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daly_City,_California=Daly City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Palo_Alto,_California=East Palo Alto, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Moon_Bay,_California=Half Moon Bay, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_City,_California=Foster City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millbrae,_California=Millbrae, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacifica,_California=Pacifica, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redwood_City,_California=Redwood City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Bruno,_California=San Bruno, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos,_California=San Carlos, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Mateo,_California=San Mateo, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpinteria,_California=Carpinteria, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buellton,_California=Buellton, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_San_Francisco,_California=South San Francisco, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guadalupe,_California=Guadalupe, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lompoc,_California=Lompoc, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goleta,_California=Goleta, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Barbara,_California=Santa Barbara, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria,_California=Santa Maria, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solvang,_California=Solvang, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell,_California=Campbell, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupertino,_California=Cupertino, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilroy,_California=Gilroy, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Sereno,_California=Monte Sereno, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Hill,_California=Morgan Hill, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_View,_California=Mountain View, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga,_California=Saratoga, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clara,_California=Santa Clara, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunnyvale,_California=Sunnyvale, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitola,_California=Capitola, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotts_Valley,_California=Scotts Valley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watsonville,_California=Watsonville, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson,_California=Anderson, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shasta_Lake,_California=Shasta Lake, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorris,_California=Dorris, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redding,_California=Redding, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Jones,_California=Fort Jones, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etna,_California=Etna, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyalton,_California=Loyalton, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunsmuir,_California=Dunsmuir, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montague,_California=Montague, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Shasta,_California=Mount Shasta, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulelake,_California=Tulelake, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yreka,_California=Yreka, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weed,_California=Weed, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Vista,_California=Rio Vista, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suisun_City,_California=Suisun City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloverdale,_California=Cloverdale, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotati,_California=Cotati, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healdsburg,_California=Healdsburg, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohnert_Park,_California=Rohnert Park, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petaluma,_California=Petaluma, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceres,_California=Ceres, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa,_California=Santa Rosa, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma,_California=Sonoma, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughson,_California=Hughson, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newman,_California=Newman, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterson,_California=Patterson, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverbank,_California=Riverbank, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakdale,_California=Oakdale, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterford,_California=Waterford, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turlock,_California=Turlock, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Oak,_Sutter_County,_California=Live Oak, Sutter County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modesto,_California=Modesto, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corning,_California=Corning, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuba_City,_California=Yuba City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bluff,_California=Red Bluff, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehama,_California=Tehama, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinuba,_California=Dinuba, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmersville,_California=Farmersville, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exeter,_California=Exeter, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay,_California=Lindsay, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porterville,_California=Porterville, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulare,_California=Tulare, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visalia,_California=Visalia, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodlake,_California=Woodlake, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora,_California=Sonora, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camarillo,_California=Camarillo, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorpark,_California=Moorpark, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fillmore,_California=Fillmore, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ojai,_California=Ojai, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxnard,_California=Oxnard, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Hueneme,_California=Port Hueneme, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Paula,_California=Santa Paula, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventura,_California=Ventura, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Sacramento,_California=West Sacramento, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thousand_Oaks,_California=Thousand Oaks, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland,_California=Woodland, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marysville,_California=Marysville, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheatland,_California=Wheatland, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broomfield,_Colorado=Broomfield, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northglenn,_Colorado=Northglenn, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornton,_Colorado=Thornton, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster,_Colorado=Westminster, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan,_Colorado=Sheridan, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Animas,_Colorado=Las Animas, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salida,_Colorado=Salida, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Pines,_Colorado=Castle Pines, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence,_Colorado=Florence, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rifle,_Colorado=Rifle, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walsenburg,_Colorado=Walsenburg, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad,_Colorado=Trinidad, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling,_Colorado=Sterling, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brush,_Colorado=Brush, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Ford,_Colorado=Rocky Ford, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouray,_Colorado=Ouray, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steamboat_Springs,_Colorado=Steamboat Springs, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor,_Colorado=Victor, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland_Park,_Colorado=Woodland Park, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lupton,_Colorado=Fort Lupton, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wray,_Colorado=Wray, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuma,_Colorado=Yuma, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archer,_Florida=Archer, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alachua,_Florida=Alachua, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne,_Florida=Hawthorne, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Springs,_Florida=High Springs, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newberry,_Florida=Newberry, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo,_Florida=Waldo, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macclenny,_Florida=Macclenny, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callaway,_Florida=Callaway, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_Beach,_Florida=Mexico Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Haven,_Florida=Lynn Haven, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainesville,_Florida=Gainesville, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City,_Florida=Panama City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City_Beach,_Florida=Panama City Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker,_Florida=Parker, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Florida=Springfield, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton,_Florida=Hampton, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone_Heights,_Florida=Keystone Heights, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawtey,_Florida=Lawtey, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starke,_Florida=Starke, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Harbour_Beach,_Florida=Indian Harbour Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocoa,_Florida=Cocoa, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocoa_Beach,_Florida=Cocoa Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral,_Florida=Cape Canaveral, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Bay,_Florida=Palm Bay, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne,_Florida=Melbourne, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite_Beach,_Florida=Satellite Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockledge,_Florida=Rockledge, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titusville,_Florida=Titusville, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Melbourne,_Florida=West Melbourne, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coconut_Creek,_Florida=Coconut Creek, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_City,_Florida=Cooper City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dania_Beach,_Florida=Dania Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deerfield_Beach,_Florida=Deerfield Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Springs,_Florida=Coral Springs, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida=Fort Lauderdale, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood,_Florida=Hollywood, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauderdale_Lakes,_Florida=Lauderdale Lakes, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauderhill,_Florida=Lauderhill, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margate,_Florida=Margate, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lighthouse_Point,_Florida=Lighthouse Point, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miramar,_Florida=Miramar, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lauderdale,_Florida=North Lauderdale, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Park,_Florida=Oakland Park, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland,_Florida=Parkland, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembroke_Pines,_Florida=Pembroke Pines, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plantation,_Florida=Plantation, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompano_Beach,_Florida=Pompano Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise,_Florida=Sunrise, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamarac,_Florida=Tamarac, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blountstown,_Florida=Blountstown, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weston,_Florida=Weston, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilton_Manors,_Florida=Wilton Manors, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inverness,_Florida=Inverness, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Cove_Springs,_Florida=Green Cove Springs, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everglades_City,_Florida=Everglades City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Island,_Florida=Marco Island, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples,_Florida=Naples, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_City,_Florida=Lake City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia,_Florida=Arcadia, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Beach,_Florida=Atlantic Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune_Beach,_Florida=Neptune Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville_Beach,_Florida=Jacksonville Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flagler_Beach,_Florida=Flagler Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Coast,_Florida=Palm Coast, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chattahoochee,_Florida=Chattahoochee, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pensacola,_Florida=Pensacola, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apalachicola,_Florida=Apalachicola, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunnell,_Florida=Bunnell, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrabelle,_Florida=Carrabelle, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretna,_Florida=Gretna, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway,_Gadsden_County,_Florida=Midway, Gadsden County, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy,_Florida=Quincy, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanning_Springs,_Florida=Fanning Springs, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wewahitchka,_Florida=Wewahitchka, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore_Haven,_Florida=Moore Haven, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper,_Florida=Jasper, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_St._Joe,_Florida=Port St. Joe, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_Green,_Florida=Bowling Green, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wauchula,_Florida=Wauchula, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clewiston,_Florida=Clewiston, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weeki_Wachee,_Florida=Weeki Wachee, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebring,_Florida=Sebring, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plant_City,_Florida=Plant City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_Terrace,_Florida=Temple Terrace, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonifay,_Florida=Bonifay, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fellsmere,_Florida=Fellsmere, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vero_Beach,_Florida=Vero Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian,_Florida=Sebastian, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graceville,_Florida=Graceville, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_City,_Florida=Jacob City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello,_Florida=Monticello, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianna,_Florida=Marianna, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustis,_Florida=Eustis, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruitland_Park,_Florida=Fruitland Park, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont,_Florida=Clermont, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groveland,_Florida=Groveland, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leesburg,_Florida=Leesburg, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mascotte,_Florida=Mascotte, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneola,_Florida=Minneola, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dora,_Florida=Mount Dora, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umatilla,_Florida=Umatilla, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavares,_Florida=Tavares, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonita_Springs,_Florida=Bonita Springs, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Coral,_Florida=Cape Coral, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estero,_Florida=Estero, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Myers,_Florida=Fort Myers, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanibel,_Florida=Sanibel, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Key,_Florida=Cedar Key, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williston,_Florida=Williston, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiefland,_Florida=Chiefland, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol,_Florida=Bristol, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Florida=Madison, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes_Beach,_Florida=Holmes Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradenton_Beach,_Florida=Bradenton Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria,_Florida=Anna Maria, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradenton,_Florida=Bradenton, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmetto,_Florida=Palmetto, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleview,_Florida=Belleview, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunnellon,_Florida=Dunnellon, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocala,_Florida=Ocala, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart,_Florida=Stuart, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aventura,_Florida=Aventura, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Gables,_Florida=Coral Gables, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doral,_Florida=Doral, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_City,_Florida=Florida City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homestead,_Florida=Homestead, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hialeah_Gardens,_Florida=Hialeah Gardens, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hialeah,_Florida=Hialeah, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Springs,_Florida=Miami Springs, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bay_Village,_Florida=North Bay Village, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Beach,_Florida=Miami Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Miami_Beach,_Florida=North Miami Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Miami,_Florida=North Miami, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opa-locka,_Florida=Opa-locka, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Isles_Beach,_Florida=Sunny Isles Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetwater,_Miami-Dade_County,_Florida=Sweetwater, Miami-Dade County, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Miami,_Florida=South Miami, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Miami,_Florida=West Miami, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layton,_Florida=Layton, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon,_Florida=Marathon, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_West,_Florida=Key West, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernandina_Beach,_Florida=Fernandina Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crestview,_Florida=Crestview, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_Hill,_Florida=Laurel Hill, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destin,_Florida=Destin, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valparaiso,_Florida=Valparaiso, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Walton_Beach,_Florida=Fort Walton Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niceville,_Florida=Niceville, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Esther,_Florida=Mary Esther, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okeechobee,_Florida=Okeechobee, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Isle,_Florida=Belle Isle, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apopka,_Florida=Apopka, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Lake,_Florida=Bay Lake, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgewood,_Florida=Edgewood, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maitland,_Florida=Maitland, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocoee,_Florida=Ocoee, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Buena_Vista,_Florida=Lake Buena Vista, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Garden,_Florida=Winter Garden, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Cloud,_Florida=St. Cloud, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Park,_Florida=Winter Park, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissimmee,_Florida=Kissimmee, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Glade,_Florida=Belle Glade, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boynton_Beach,_Florida=Boynton Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis,_Florida=Atlantis, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenacres,_Florida=Greenacres, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Worth,_Florida=Lake Worth, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pahokee,_Florida=Pahokee, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Beach_Gardens,_Florida=Palm Beach Gardens, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riviera_Beach,_Florida=Riviera Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Bay,_Florida=South Bay, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dade_City,_Florida=Dade City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Palm_Beach,_Florida=West Palm Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Port_Richey,_Florida=New Port Richey, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Richey,_Florida=Port Richey, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio,_Florida=San Antonio, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zephyrhills,_Florida=Zephyrhills, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleair_Bluffs,_Florida=Belleair Bluffs, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleair_Beach,_Florida=Belleair Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater,_Florida=Clearwater, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunedin,_Florida=Dunedin, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Rocks_Beach,_Florida=Indian Rocks Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulfport,_Florida=Gulfport, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeira_Beach,_Florida=Madeira Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmar,_Florida=Oldsmar, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinellas_Park,_Florida=Pinellas Park, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safety_Harbor,_Florida=Safety Harbor, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seminole,_Florida=Seminole, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pasadena,_Florida=South Pasadena, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarpon_Springs,_Florida=Tarpon Springs, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Pete_Beach,_Florida=St. Pete Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island,_Florida=Treasure Island, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Largo,_Florida=Largo, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburndale,_Florida=Auburndale, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davenport,_Florida=Davenport, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Meade,_Florida=Fort Meade, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haines_City,_Florida=Haines City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frostproof,_Florida=Frostproof, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Lake,_Florida=Eagle Lake, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Alfred,_Florida=Lake Alfred, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Wales,_Florida=Lake Wales, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulberry,_Florida=Mulberry, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland,_Florida=Lakeland, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Haven,_Florida=Winter Haven, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_City,_Florida=Crescent City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Breeze,_Florida=Gulf Breeze, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton,_Florida=Milton, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palatka,_Florida=Palatka, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Port,_Florida=North Port, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altamonte_Springs,_Florida=Altamonte Springs, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casselberry,_Florida=Casselberry, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice,_Florida=Venice, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarasota,_Florida=Sarasota, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longwood,_Florida=Longwood, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Mary,_Florida=Lake Mary, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oviedo,_Florida=Oviedo, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Springs,_Florida=Winter Springs, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford,_Florida=Sanford, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Pierce,_Florida=Fort Pierce, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Augustine,_Florida=St. Augustine, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushnell,_Florida=Bushnell, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_St._Lucie,_Florida=Port St. Lucie, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman,_Florida=Coleman, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_Hill,_Florida=Center Hill, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster,_Florida=Webster, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood,_Florida=Wildwood, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry,_Florida=Perry, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Oak,_Florida=Live Oak, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Butler,_Union_County,_Florida=Lake Butler, Union County, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daytona_Beach_Shores,_Florida=Daytona Beach Shores, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeBary,_Florida=DeBary, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeLand,_Florida=DeLand, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgewater,_Volusia_County,_Florida=Edgewater, Volusia County, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deltona,_Florida=Deltona, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Hill,_Florida=Oak Hill, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_City,_Florida=Orange City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daytona_Beach,_Florida=Daytona Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ormond_Beach,_Florida=Ormond Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Smyrna_Beach,_Florida=New Smyrna Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Helen,_Florida=Lake Helen, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Hill,_Florida=Holly Hill, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Orange,_Florida=Port Orange, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Daytona,_Florida=South Daytona, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sopchoppy,_Florida=Sopchoppy, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Marks,_Florida=St. Marks, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeFuniak_Springs,_Florida=DeFuniak Springs, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipley,_Florida=Chipley, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon,_Florida=Vernon, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham,_Georgia=Graham, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeport,_Florida=Freeport, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baxley,_Georgia=Baxley, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson,_Georgia=Pearson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willacoochee,_Georgia=Willacoochee, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_Georgia=Newton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin,_Georgia=Baldwin, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillsville,_Georgia=Gillsville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma,_Georgia=Alma, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lula,_Georgia=Lula, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winder,_Georgia=Winder, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adairsville,_Georgia=Adairsville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Georgia=Auburn, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milledgeville,_Georgia=Milledgeville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statham,_Georgia=Statham, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerson,_Georgia=Emerson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euharlee,_Georgia=Euharlee, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Georgia=Kingston, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White,_Georgia=White, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitzgerald,_Georgia=Fitzgerald, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville,_Georgia=Nashville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_City,_Georgia=Ray City, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payne,_Georgia=Payne, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochran,_Georgia=Cochran, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoboken,_Georgia=Hoboken, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahunta,_Georgia=Nahunta, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morven,_Georgia=Morven, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon,_Georgia=Macon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavo,_Georgia=Pavo, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barwick,_Georgia=Barwick, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quitman,_Georgia=Quitman, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklet,_Georgia=Brooklet, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembroke,_Georgia=Pembroke, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Hill,_Georgia=Richmond Hill, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blythe,_Georgia=Blythe, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flovilla,_Georgia=Flovilla, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardis,_Georgia=Sardis, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidette,_Georgia=Vidette, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statesboro,_Georgia=Statesboro, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenkinsburg,_Georgia=Jenkinsburg, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Georgia=Jackson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midville,_Georgia=Midville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leary,_Georgia=Leary, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan,_Georgia=Morgan, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison,_Georgia=Edison, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington,_Georgia=Arlington, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsland,_Georgia=Kingsland, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Marys,_Georgia=St. Marys, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metter,_Georgia=Metter, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbine,_Georgia=Woodbine, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremen,_Georgia=Bremen, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowdon,_Georgia=Bowdon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrollton,_Georgia=Carrollton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Zion,_Georgia=Mount Zion, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple,_Georgia=Temple, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Oglethorpe,_Georgia=Fort Oglethorpe, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Rica,_Georgia=Villa Rica, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringgold,_Georgia=Ringgold, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folkston,_Georgia=Folkston, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomingdale,_Georgia=Bloomingdale, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeland,_Georgia=Homeland, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_City,_Georgia=Garden City, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooler,_Georgia=Pooler, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Wentworth,_Georgia=Port Wentworth, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tybee_Island,_Georgia=Tybee Island, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cusseta,_Georgia=Cusseta, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menlo,_Georgia=Menlo, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_Ground,_Georgia=Ball Ground, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerville,_Georgia=Summerville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton,_Georgia=Canton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Springs,_Georgia=Holly Springs, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson,_Georgia=Nelson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waleska,_Georgia=Waleska, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock,_Georgia=Woodstock, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Gaines,_Georgia=Fort Gaines, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Park,_Georgia=College Park, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonesboro,_Georgia=Jonesboro, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrow,_Georgia=Morrow, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovejoy,_Georgia=Lovejoy, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverdale,_Georgia=Riverdale, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_City,_Georgia=Lake City, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Park,_Georgia=Forest Park, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fargo,_Georgia=Fargo, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homerville,_Georgia=Homerville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acworth,_Georgia=Acworth, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennesaw,_Georgia=Kennesaw, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austell,_Georgia=Austell, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smyrna,_Georgia=Smyrna, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powder_Springs,_Georgia=Powder Springs, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marietta,_Georgia=Marietta, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas,_Georgia=Douglas, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broxton,_Georgia=Broxton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doerun,_Georgia=Doerun, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose,_Georgia=Ambrose, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholls,_Georgia=Nicholls, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Park,_Georgia=Norman Park, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega,_Georgia=Omega, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moultrie,_Georgia=Moultrie, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grovetown,_Georgia=Grovetown, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem,_Georgia=Harlem, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adel,_Georgia=Adel, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantville,_Georgia=Grantville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmetto,_Georgia=Palmetto, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senoia,_Georgia=Senoia, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newnan,_Georgia=Newnan, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordele,_Georgia=Cordele, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberta,_Georgia=Roberta, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attapulgus,_Georgia=Attapulgus, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawsonville,_Georgia=Dawsonville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avondale_Estates,_Georgia=Avondale Estates, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton,_Georgia=Trenton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bainbridge,_Georgia=Bainbridge, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climax,_Georgia=Climax, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamblee,_Georgia=Chamblee, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkston,_Georgia=Clarkston, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur,_Georgia=Decatur, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraville,_Georgia=Doraville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunwoody,_Georgia=Dunwoody, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithonia,_Georgia=Lithonia, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Lake,_Georgia=Pine Lake, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Mountain,_Georgia=Stone Mountain, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastman,_Georgia=Eastman, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinehurst,_Georgia=Pinehurst, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilly,_Georgia=Lilly, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unadilla,_Georgia=Unadilla, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna,_Georgia=Vienna, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blakely,_Georgia=Blakely, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglasville,_Georgia=Douglasville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakin,_Georgia=Jakin, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guyton,_Georgia=Guyton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rincon,_Georgia=Rincon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Georgia=Springfield, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_Georgia=Albany, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian,_Georgia=Adrian, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowman,_Georgia=Bowman, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elberton,_Georgia=Elberton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swainsboro,_Georgia=Swainsboro, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_City,_Georgia=Twin City, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellville,_Georgia=Bellville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claxton,_Georgia=Claxton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Ridge,_Georgia=Blue Ridge, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy,_Georgia=Daisy, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCaysville,_Georgia=McCaysville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagan,_Georgia=Hagan, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayetteville,_Georgia=Fayetteville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_Spring,_Georgia=Cave Spring, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canon,_Georgia=Canon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Springs,_Georgia=Franklin Springs, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnesville,_Georgia=Carnesville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumming,_Georgia=Cumming, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavonia,_Georgia=Lavonia, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome,_Georgia=Rome, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpharetta,_Georgia=Alpharetta, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Point,_Georgia=East Point, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairburn,_Georgia=Fairburn, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royston,_Georgia=Royston, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hapeville,_Georgia=Hapeville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roswell,_Georgia=Roswell, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_City,_Georgia=Union City, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Springs,_Georgia=Sandy Springs, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_Hill,_Georgia=Edge Hill, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibson,_Georgia=Gibson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellijay,_Georgia=Ellijay, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Ellijay,_Georgia=East Ellijay, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calhoun,_Georgia=Calhoun, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainville,_Georgia=Plainville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmount,_Georgia=Fairmount, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunswick,_Georgia=Brunswick, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Plains,_Georgia=White Plains, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Point,_Georgia=Union Point, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whigham,_Georgia=Whigham, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo,_Georgia=Cairo, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodville,_Georgia=Woodville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_Lake,_Georgia=Berkeley Lake, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dacula,_Georgia=Dacula, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayson,_Georgia=Grayson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duluth,_Georgia=Duluth, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrenceville,_Georgia=Lawrenceville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buford,_Georgia=Buford, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilburn,_Georgia=Lilburn, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loganville,_Georgia=Loganville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norcross,_Georgia=Norcross, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Hill,_Georgia=Sugar Hill, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkesville,_Georgia=Clarkesville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suwanee,_Georgia=Suwanee, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelia,_Georgia=Cornelia, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demorest,_Georgia=Demorest, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snellville,_Georgia=Snellville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowery_Branch,_Georgia=Flowery Branch, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakwood,_Georgia=Oakwood, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan,_Georgia=Buchanan, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainesville,_Georgia=Gainesville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallapoosa,_Georgia=Tallapoosa, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Georgia=Hamilton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waco,_Georgia=Waco, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiloh,_Harris_County,_Georgia=Shiloh, Harris County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartwell,_Georgia=Hartwell, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton,_Georgia=Hampton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Georgia=Centerville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockbridge,_Georgia=Stockbridge, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry,_Georgia=Perry, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocilla,_Georgia=Ocilla, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcade,_Georgia=Arcade, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Georgia=Jefferson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Robins,_Georgia=Warner Robins, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoschton,_Georgia=Hoschton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholson,_Georgia=Nicholson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commerce,_Georgia=Commerce, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendergrass,_Georgia=Pendergrass, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonough,_Georgia=McDonough, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello,_Georgia=Monticello, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denton,_Georgia=Denton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazlehurst,_Georgia=Hazlehurst, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avera,_Georgia=Avera, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stapleton,_Georgia=Stapleton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadley,_Georgia=Wadley, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Georgia=Louisville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrens,_Georgia=Wrens, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrightsville,_Georgia=Wrightsville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millen,_Georgia=Millen, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray,_Georgia=Gray, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milner,_Georgia=Milner, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnesville,_Georgia=Barnesville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland,_Georgia=Lakeland, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley,_Georgia=Dudley, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Dublin,_Georgia=East Dublin, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin,_Georgia=Dublin, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithville,_Georgia=Smithville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flemington,_Georgia=Flemington, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leesburg,_Georgia=Leesburg, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinesville,_Georgia=Hinesville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumbranch,_Georgia=Gumbranch, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway,_Georgia=Midway, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riceboro,_Georgia=Riceboro, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walthourville,_Georgia=Walthourville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincolnton,_Georgia=Lincolnton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludowici,_Georgia=Ludowici, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hahira,_Georgia=Hahira, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remerton,_Georgia=Remerton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Park,_Georgia=Lake Park, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montezuma,_Georgia=Montezuma, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshallville,_Georgia=Marshallville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideal,_Georgia=Ideal, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valdosta,_Georgia=Valdosta, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comer,_Georgia=Comer, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull,_Georgia=Hull, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oglethorpe,_Georgia=Oglethorpe, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton,_Georgia=Carlton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colbert,_Georgia=Colbert, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielsville,_Georgia=Danielsville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahlonega,_Georgia=Dahlonega, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ila,_Georgia=Ila, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buena_Vista,_Georgia=Buena Vista, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson,_Georgia=Thomson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darien,_Georgia=Darien, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_Georgia=Manchester, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luthersville,_Georgia=Luthersville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_Georgia=Greenville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Springs,_Georgia=Warm Springs, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbury,_Georgia=Woodbury, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baconton,_Georgia=Baconton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla,_Georgia=Camilla, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meigs,_Georgia=Meigs, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelham,_Georgia=Pelham, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colquitt,_Georgia=Colquitt, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culloden,_Georgia=Culloden, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ailey,_Georgia=Ailey, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsyth,_Georgia=Forsyth, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_Georgia=Mount Vernon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uvalda,_Georgia=Uvalda, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidalia,_Georgia=Vidalia, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutledge,_Georgia=Rutledge, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Georgia=Madison, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatsworth,_Georgia=Chatsworth, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton,_Georgia=Eton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield,_Georgia=Mansfield, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford,_Georgia=Oxford, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Circle,_Georgia=Social Circle, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covington,_Georgia=Covington, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford,_Georgia=Crawford, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnoldsville,_Georgia=Arnoldsville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Georgia=Lexington, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Georgia=Columbus, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron,_Georgia=Byron, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram,_Georgia=Hiram, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braswell,_Georgia=Braswell, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas,_Georgia=Dallas, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Valley,_Georgia=Fort Valley, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper,_Georgia=Jasper, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackshear,_Georgia=Blackshear, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offerman,_Georgia=Offerman, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterson,_Georgia=Patterson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molena,_Georgia=Molena, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meansville,_Georgia=Meansville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waycross,_Georgia=Waycross, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aragon,_Georgia=Aragon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebulon,_Georgia=Zebulon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedartown,_Georgia=Cedartown, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockmart,_Georgia=Rockmart, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkinsville,_Georgia=Hawkinsville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eatonton,_Georgia=Eatonton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_Quitman_County,_Georgia=Georgetown, Quitman County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillard,_Georgia=Dillard, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton,_Georgia=Clayton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Valley,_Georgia=Sky Valley, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuthbert,_Georgia=Cuthbert, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman,_Georgia=Coleman, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shellman,_Georgia=Shellman, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellaville,_Georgia=Ellaville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conyers,_Georgia=Conyers, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donalsonville,_Georgia=Donalsonville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiltonia,_Georgia=Hiltonia, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvania,_Georgia=Sylvania, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver,_Georgia=Oliver, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Side,_Georgia=Sunny Side, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffin,_Georgia=Griffin, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richland,_Georgia=Richland, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Soto,_Georgia=De Soto, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumpkin,_Georgia=Lumpkin, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plains,_Georgia=Plains, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa,_Georgia=Toccoa, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie,_Georgia=Leslie, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americus,_Georgia=Americus, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talbotton,_Georgia=Talbotton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland,_Georgia=Woodland, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawfordville,_Georgia=Crawfordville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon,_Georgia=Sharon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins,_Georgia=Collins, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manassas,_Georgia=Manassas, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glennville,_Georgia=Glennville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobbtown,_Georgia=Cobbtown, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_Georgia=Butler, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reidsville,_Georgia=Reidsville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena,_Georgia=Helena, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumber_City,_Georgia=Lumber City, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland,_Georgia=Scotland, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McRae,_Georgia=McRae, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston,_Georgia=Boston, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coolidge,_Georgia=Coolidge, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson,_Georgia=Dawson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomasville,_Georgia=Thomasville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyons,_Georgia=Lyons, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Claus,_Georgia=Santa Claus, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ty_Ty,_Georgia=Ty Ty, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Harris,_Georgia=Young Harris, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soperton,_Georgia=Soperton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashburn,_Georgia=Ashburn, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange,_Georgia=LaGrange, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blairsville,_Georgia=Blairsville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sycamore,_Georgia=Sycamore, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffersonville,_Georgia=Jeffersonville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca,_Georgia=Rebecca, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogansville,_Georgia=Hogansville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickamauga,_Georgia=Chickamauga, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookout_Mountain,_Georgia=Lookout Mountain, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaFayette,_Georgia=LaFayette, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomaston,_Georgia=Thomaston, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossville,_Georgia=Rossville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrenton,_Georgia=Warrenton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwood,_Georgia=Norwood, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davisboro,_Georgia=Davisboro, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oconee,_Georgia=Oconee, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Georgia=Monroe, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennille,_Georgia=Tennille, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesup,_Georgia=Jesup, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandersville,_Georgia=Sandersville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screven,_Georgia=Screven, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenwood,_Georgia=Glenwood, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamo,_Georgia=Alamo, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland,_Georgia=Cleveland, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen,_Georgia=Helen, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitts,_Georgia=Pitts, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton,_Georgia=Dalton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varnell,_Georgia=Varnell, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochelle,_Georgia=Rochelle, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon,_Georgia=Gordon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwinton,_Georgia=Irwinton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Georgia=Washington, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick,_Georgia=Warwick, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester,_Georgia=Sylvester, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poulan,_Georgia=Poulan, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mililani,_Hawaii=Mililani, Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_City,_Idaho=Garden City, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle,_Idaho=Eagle, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star,_Idaho=Star, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuna,_Idaho=Kuna, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian,_Idaho=Meridian, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arimo,_Idaho=Arimo, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Meadows,_Idaho=New Meadows, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkom,_Idaho=Inkom, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chubbuck,_Idaho=Chubbuck, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downey,_Idaho=Downey, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council,_Idaho=Council, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCammon,_Idaho=McCammon, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lava_Hot_Springs,_Idaho=Lava Hot Springs, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomington,_Idaho=Bloomington, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_Idaho=Georgetown, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris,_Idaho=Paris, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocatello,_Idaho=Pocatello, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpelier,_Idaho=Montpelier, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tensed,_Idaho=Tensed, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plummer,_Idaho=Plummer, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Maries,_Idaho=St. Maries, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen,_Idaho=Aberdeen, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Charles,_Idaho=St. Charles, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basalt,_Idaho=Basalt, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_City,_Idaho=Atomic City, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley,_Idaho=Shelley, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue,_Idaho=Bellevue, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackfoot,_Idaho=Blackfoot, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey,_Idaho=Carey, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hailey,_Idaho=Hailey, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketchum,_Idaho=Ketchum, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crouch,_Idaho=Crouch, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseshoe_Bend,_Idaho=Horseshoe Bend, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth,_Idaho=Firth, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placerville,_Idaho=Placerville, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho_City,_Idaho=Idaho City, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Valley,_Idaho=Sun Valley, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kootenai,_Idaho=Kootenai, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope,_Idaho=Hope, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Fork,_Idaho=Clark Fork, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover,_Idaho=Dover, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Hope,_Idaho=East Hope, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldtown,_Idaho=Oldtown, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponderay,_Idaho=Ponderay, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priest_River,_Idaho=Priest River, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammon,_Idaho=Ammon, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iona,_Idaho=Iona, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandpoint,_Idaho=Sandpoint, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho_Falls,_Idaho=Idaho Falls, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Valley,_Idaho=Swan Valley, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moyie_Springs,_Idaho=Moyie Springs, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwin,_Idaho=Irwin, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ucon,_Idaho=Ucon, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ririe,_Idaho=Ririe, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonners_Ferry,_Idaho=Bonners Ferry, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arco,_Idaho=Arco, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butte_City,_Idaho=Butte City, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore,_Idaho=Moore, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenleaf,_Idaho=Greenleaf, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Idaho=Fairfield, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melba,_Idaho=Melba, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell,_Idaho=Caldwell, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notus,_Idaho=Notus, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Idaho=Middleton, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nampa,_Idaho=Nampa, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace,_Idaho=Grace, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albion,_Idaho=Albion, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parma,_Idaho=Parma, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bancroft,_Idaho=Bancroft, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilder,_Idaho=Wilder, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soda_Springs,_Idaho=Soda Springs, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burley,_Idaho=Burley, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declo,_Idaho=Declo, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce,_Idaho=Pierce, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weippe,_Idaho=Weippe, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakley,_Idaho=Oakley, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubois,_Idaho=Dubois, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer,_Idaho=Spencer, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta,_Idaho=Malta, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orofino,_Idaho=Orofino, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_River,_Idaho=Elk River, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challis,_Idaho=Challis, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton,_Idaho=Clayton, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_River,_Idaho=Lost River, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackay,_Idaho=Mackay, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley,_Idaho=Stanley, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenns_Ferry,_Idaho=Glenns Ferry, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton,_Idaho=Dayton, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton,_Idaho=Clifton, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Home,_Idaho=Mountain Home, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford,_Idaho=Oxford, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weston,_Idaho=Weston, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston,_Idaho=Preston, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drummond,_Idaho=Drummond, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Idaho=Franklin, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton,_Idaho=Ashton, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newdale,_Idaho=Newdale, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker,_Idaho=Parker, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Park,_Idaho=Island Park, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Anthony,_Idaho=St. Anthony, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_River,_Idaho=Warm River, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teton,_Idaho=Teton, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bliss,_Idaho=Bliss, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett,_Idaho=Emmett, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gooding,_Idaho=Gooding, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendell,_Idaho=Wendell, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand,_Idaho=Ferdinand, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood,_Idaho=Cottonwood, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grangeville,_Idaho=Grangeville, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stites,_Idaho=Stites, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riggins,_Idaho=Riggins, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kooskia,_Idaho=Kooskia, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamer,_Idaho=Hamer, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisville,_Idaho=Lewisville, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamiah,_Idaho=Kamiah, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mud_Lake,_Idaho=Mud Lake, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menan,_Idaho=Menan, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden,_Idaho=Eden, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts,_Idaho=Roberts, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazelton,_Idaho=Hazelton, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome,_Idaho=Jerome, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athol,_Idaho=Athol, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton_Gardens,_Idaho=Dalton Gardens, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigby,_Idaho=Rigby, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_Idaho=Harrison, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernan_Lake_Village,_Idaho=Fernan Lake Village, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden,_Idaho=Hayden, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hauser,_Idaho=Hauser, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coeur_d'Alene,_Idaho=Coeur d'Alene, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_Lake,_Idaho=Hayden Lake, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huetter,_Idaho=Huetter, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rathdrum,_Idaho=Rathdrum, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Line,_Idaho=State Line, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bovill,_Idaho=Bovill, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_Lake,_Idaho=Spirit Lake, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worley,_Idaho=Worley, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deary,_Idaho=Deary, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee,_Idaho=Genesee, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onaway,_Idaho=Onaway, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendrick,_Idaho=Kendrick, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potlatch,_Idaho=Potlatch, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leadore,_Idaho=Leadore, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reubens,_Idaho=Reubens, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_Idaho=Troy, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon,_Idaho=Salmon, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craigmont,_Idaho=Craigmont, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester,_Idaho=Winchester, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nezperce,_Idaho=Nezperce, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richfield,_Idaho=Richfield, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minidoka,_Idaho=Minidoka, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acequia,_Idaho=Acequia, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_City,_Idaho=Sugar City, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoshone,_Idaho=Shoshone, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rexburg,_Idaho=Rexburg, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich,_Idaho=Dietrich, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heyburn,_Idaho=Heyburn, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culdesac,_Idaho=Culdesac, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peck,_Idaho=Peck, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert,_Idaho=Rupert, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul,_Idaho=Paul, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_View,_Idaho=Grand View, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapwai,_Idaho=Lapwai, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malad_City,_Idaho=Malad City, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homedale,_Idaho=Homedale, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruitland,_Idaho=Fruitland, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsing,_Idaho=Marsing, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Falls,_Idaho=American Falls, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland,_Idaho=Rockland, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payette,_Idaho=Payette, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullan,_Idaho=Mullan, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Plymouth,_Idaho=New Plymouth, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg,_Idaho=Kellogg, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osburn,_Idaho=Osburn, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smelterville,_Idaho=Smelterville, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wardner,_Idaho=Wardner, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace,_Idaho=Wallace, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinehurst,_Idaho=Pinehurst, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetonia,_Idaho=Tetonia, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor,_Idaho=Victor, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhl,_Idaho=Buhl, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driggs,_Idaho=Driggs, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castleford,_Idaho=Castleford, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollister,_Idaho=Hollister, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansen,_Idaho=Hansen, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly,_Idaho=Kimberly, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murtaugh,_Idaho=Murtaugh, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filer,_Idaho=Filer, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Falls,_Idaho=Twin Falls, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade,_Idaho=Cascade, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnelly,_Idaho=Donnelly, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midvale,_Idaho=Midvale, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge,_Idaho=Cambridge, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weiser,_Idaho=Weiser, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berwyn,_Illinois=Berwyn, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Island,_Illinois=Blue Island, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calumet_City,_Illinois=Calumet City, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Heights,_Illinois=Chicago Heights, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countryside,_Illinois=Countryside, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Club_Hills,_Illinois=Country Club Hills, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Plaines,_Illinois=Des Plaines, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin,_Illinois=Elgin, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmhurst,_Illinois=Elmhurst, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory_Hills,_Illinois=Hickory Hills, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hometown,_Illinois=Hometown, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markham,_Illinois=Markham, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Forest,_Illinois=Oak Forest, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palos_Heights,_Illinois=Palos Heights, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palos_Hills,_Illinois=Palos Hills, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Ridge,_Illinois=Park Ridge, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Meadows,_Illinois=Rolling Meadows, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeKalb,_Illinois=DeKalb, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darien,_Illinois=Darien, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakbrook_Terrace,_Illinois=Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrenville,_Illinois=Warrenville, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Chicago,_Illinois=West Chicago, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheaton,_Illinois=Wheaton, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrisman,_Illinois=Chrisman, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris,_Illinois=Paris, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilman,_Illinois=Gilman, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watseka,_Illinois=Watseka, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kankakee,_Illinois=Kankakee, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendota,_Illinois=Mendota, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waukegan,_Illinois=Waukegan, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur,_Illinois=Decatur, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Moline,_Illinois=East Moline, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg,_Illinois=Harrisburg, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna,_Illinois=Anna, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_Illinois=Georgetown, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoopeston,_Illinois=Hoopeston, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Illinois=Marion, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berne,_Indiana=Berne, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur,_Indiana=Decatur, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodburn,_Indiana=Woodburn, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Haven,_Indiana=New Haven, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkirk,_Indiana=Dunkirk, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford_City,_Indiana=Hartford City, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpelier,_Indiana=Montpelier, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon,_Indiana=Lebanon, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphi,_Indiana=Delphi, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlestown,_Indiana=Charlestown, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffersonville,_Indiana=Jeffersonville, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil,_Indiana=Brazil, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfort,_Indiana=Frankfort, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Indiana=Aurora, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Indiana=Washington, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greendale,_Indiana=Greendale, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrenceburg,_Indiana=Lawrenceburg, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensburg,_Indiana=Greensburg, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_Indiana=Butler, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Indiana=Auburn, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett,_Indiana=Garrett, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muncie,_Indiana=Muncie, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntingburg,_Indiana=Huntingburg, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper,_Indiana=Jasper, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkhart,_Indiana=Elkhart, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nappanee,_Indiana=Nappanee, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connersville,_Indiana=Connersville, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attica,_Indiana=Attica, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covington,_Indiana=Covington, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Albany,_Indiana=New Albany, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batesville,_Indiana=Batesville, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester,_Indiana=Rochester, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_City,_Indiana=Oakland City, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_Indiana=Princeton, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonesboro,_Indiana=Jonesboro, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas_City,_Indiana=Gas City, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Indiana=Marion, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasonville,_Indiana=Jasonville, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linton,_Indiana=Linton, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmel,_Indiana=Carmel, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noblesville,_Indiana=Noblesville, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield,_Indiana=Westfield, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishers,_Indiana=Fishers, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenfield,_Indiana=Greenfield, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Castle,_Indiana=New Castle, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington,_Indiana=Huntington, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokomo,_Indiana=Kokomo, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensselaer,_Indiana=Rensselaer, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour,_Indiana=Seymour, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Indiana=Portland, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Indiana=Madison, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood,_Indiana=Greenwood, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Indiana=Franklin, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicknell,_Indiana=Bicknell, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincennes,_Indiana=Vincennes, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw,_Indiana=Warsaw, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Point,_Indiana=Crown Point, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Chicago,_Indiana=East Chicago, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart,_Indiana=Hobart, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Station,_Indiana=Lake Station, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammond,_Indiana=Hammond, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiting,_Indiana=Whiting, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_City,_Indiana=Michigan City, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Porte,_Indiana=La Porte, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedford,_Indiana=Bedford, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson,_Indiana=Anderson, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elwood,_Indiana=Elwood, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell,_Indiana=Mitchell, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence,_Indiana=Lawrence, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beech_Grove,_Indiana=Beech Grove, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southport,_Indiana=Southport, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth,_Indiana=Plymouth, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loogootee,_Indiana=Loogootee, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru,_Indiana=Peru, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawfordsville,_Indiana=Crawfordsville, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomington,_Indiana=Bloomington, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinsville,_Indiana=Martinsville, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligonier,_Indiana=Ligonier, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendallville,_Indiana=Kendallville, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Sun,_Indiana=Rising Sun, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannelton,_Indiana=Cannelton, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_City,_Indiana=Tell City, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petersburg,_Indiana=Petersburg, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valparaiso,_Indiana=Valparaiso, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_Indiana=Mount Vernon, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greencastle,_Indiana=Greencastle, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_City,_Indiana=Union City, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester,_Indiana=Winchester, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottsburg,_Indiana=Scottsburg, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Indiana=Austin, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushville,_Indiana=Rushville, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelbyville,_Indiana=Shelbyville, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockport,_Indiana=Rockport, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mishawaka,_Indiana=Mishawaka, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Bend,_Indiana=South Bend, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox,_Indiana=Knox, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola,_Indiana=Angola, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan,_Indiana=Sullivan, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Lafayette,_Indiana=West Lafayette, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafayette,_Indiana=Lafayette, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipton,_Indiana=Tipton, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Indiana=Clinton, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evansville,_Indiana=Evansville, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabash,_Indiana=Wabash, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boonville,_Indiana=Boonville, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Indiana=Salem, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluffton,_Indiana=Bluffton, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello,_Indiana=Monticello, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds,_Indiana=Reynolds, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_City,_Indiana=Columbia City, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgewater,_Iowa=Bridgewater, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey,_Iowa=Casey, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adair,_Iowa=Adair, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontanelle,_Iowa=Fontanelle, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orient,_Iowa=Orient, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon,_Iowa=Carbon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart,_Iowa=Stuart, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenfield,_Iowa=Greenfield, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpers_Ferry,_Iowa=Harpers Ferry, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nodaway,_Iowa=Nodaway, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenox,_Iowa=Lenox, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corning,_Iowa=Corning, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lansing,_Iowa=Lansing, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Albin,_Iowa=New Albin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prescott,_Iowa=Prescott, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterville,_Iowa=Waterville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postville,_Iowa=Postville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waukon,_Iowa=Waukon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Iowa=Centerville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exline,_Iowa=Exline, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati,_Iowa=Cincinnati, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moravia,_Iowa=Moravia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulton,_Iowa=Moulton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic,_Iowa=Mystic, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numa,_Iowa=Numa, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rathbun,_Iowa=Rathbun, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plano,_Iowa=Plano, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udell,_Iowa=Udell, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unionville,_Iowa=Unionville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audubon,_Iowa=Audubon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brayton,_Iowa=Brayton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray,_Iowa=Gray, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exira,_Iowa=Exira, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atkins,_Iowa=Atkins, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrison,_Iowa=Garrison, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Plaine,_Iowa=Belle Plaine, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Auburn,_Iowa=Mount Auburn, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone,_Iowa=Keystone, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luzerne,_Iowa=Luzerne, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimballton,_Iowa=Kimballton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newhall,_Iowa=Newhall, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway,_Iowa=Norway, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shellsburg,_Iowa=Shellsburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walford,_Iowa=Walford, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbana,_Iowa=Urbana, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinton,_Iowa=Vinton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Horne,_Iowa=Van Horne, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkerton,_Iowa=Dunkerton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Run_Heights,_Iowa=Elk Run Heights, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evansdale,_Iowa=Evansdale, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbertville,_Iowa=Gilbertville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janesville,_Iowa=Janesville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesup,_Iowa=Jesup, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Porte_City,_Iowa=La Porte City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond,_Iowa=Raymond, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver,_Iowa=Beaver, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson,_Iowa=Hudson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxholm,_Iowa=Boxholm, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkley,_Iowa=Berkley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser,_Iowa=Fraser, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid,_Iowa=Madrid, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther,_Iowa=Luther, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden,_Iowa=Ogden, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldahl,_Iowa=Sheldahl, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederika,_Iowa=Frederika, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver,_Iowa=Denver, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli,_Iowa=Tripoli, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumner,_Iowa=Sumner, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainfield,_Iowa=Plainfield, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Mound,_Iowa=Pilot Mound, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Iowa=Aurora, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Readlyn,_Iowa=Readlyn, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon,_Iowa=Brandon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waverly,_Iowa=Waverly, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairbank,_Iowa=Fairbank, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamont,_Iowa=Lamont, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazleton,_Iowa=Hazleton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowley,_Iowa=Rowley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence,_Iowa=Independence, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quasqueton,_Iowa=Quasqueton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta,_Iowa=Alta, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeside,_Iowa=Lakeside, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley,_Iowa=Stanley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn_Grove,_Iowa=Linn Grove, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winthrop,_Iowa=Winthrop, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_City,_Iowa=Albert City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembrandt,_Iowa=Rembrandt, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sioux_Rapids,_Iowa=Sioux Rapids, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newell,_Iowa=Newell, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Lake,_Iowa=Storm Lake, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truesdale,_Iowa=Truesdale, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon,_Iowa=Marathon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison,_Iowa=Allison, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aplington,_Iowa=Aplington, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristow,_Iowa=Bristow, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aredale,_Iowa=Aredale, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarksville,_Iowa=Clarksville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumont,_Iowa=Dumont, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greene,_Iowa=Greene, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkersburg,_Iowa=Parkersburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hartford,_Iowa=New Hartford, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnhamville,_Iowa=Farnhamville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knierim,_Iowa=Knierim, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_City,_Iowa=Lake City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohrville,_Iowa=Lohrville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Rock,_Iowa=Shell Rock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolley,_Iowa=Jolley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lytton,_Iowa=Lytton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manson,_Iowa=Manson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwell_City,_Iowa=Rockwell City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yetter,_Iowa=Yetter, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia,_Iowa=Arcadia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breda,_Iowa=Breda, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinard,_Iowa=Rinard, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somers,_Iowa=Somers, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomeroy,_Iowa=Pomeroy, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll,_Iowa=Carroll, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coon_Rapids,_Iowa=Coon Rapids, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedham,_Iowa=Dedham, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halbur,_Iowa=Halbur, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glidden,_Iowa=Glidden, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanesboro,_Iowa=Lanesboro, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lidderdale,_Iowa=Lidderdale, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manning,_Iowa=Manning, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralston,_Iowa=Ralston, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willey,_Iowa=Willey, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Templeton,_Iowa=Templeton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita,_Iowa=Anita, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Iowa=Cumberland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic,_Iowa=Atlantic, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis,_Iowa=Lewis, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griswold,_Iowa=Griswold, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marne,_Iowa=Marne, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiota,_Iowa=Wiota, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett,_Iowa=Bennett, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massena,_Iowa=Massena, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durant,_Iowa=Durant, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowden,_Iowa=Lowden, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanicsville,_Iowa=Mechanicsville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanwood,_Iowa=Stanwood, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipton,_Iowa=Tipton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence,_Iowa=Clarence, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilton,_Iowa=Wilton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Branch,_Iowa=West Branch, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dougherty,_Iowa=Dougherty, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Lake,_Iowa=Clear Lake, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meservey,_Iowa=Meservey, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_Springs,_Iowa=Nora Springs, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwell,_Iowa=Rockwell, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Falls,_Iowa=Rock Falls, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swaledale,_Iowa=Swaledale, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_City,_Iowa=Mason City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventura,_Iowa=Ventura, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurelia,_Iowa=Aurelia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth,_Iowa=Plymouth, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornton,_Iowa=Thornton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee,_Iowa=Cherokee, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleghorn,_Iowa=Cleghorn, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larrabee,_Iowa=Larrabee, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meriden,_Iowa=Meriden, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quimby,_Iowa=Quimby, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Vista,_Iowa=Alta Vista, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassett,_Iowa=Bassett, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus,_Iowa=Marcus, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredericksburg,_Iowa=Fredericksburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washta,_Iowa=Washta, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ionia,_Iowa=Ionia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawler,_Iowa=Lawler, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashua,_Iowa=Nashua, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hampton,_Iowa=New Hampton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Washington,_Iowa=North Washington, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osceola,_Iowa=Osceola, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protivin,_Iowa=Protivin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodburn,_Iowa=Woodburn, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everly,_Iowa=Everly, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickens,_Iowa=Dickens, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillett_Grove,_Iowa=Gillett Grove, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fostoria,_Iowa=Fostoria, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_Iowa=Greenville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossie,_Iowa=Rossie, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterson,_Iowa=Peterson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal,_Iowa=Royal, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webb,_Iowa=Webb, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer,_Iowa=Spencer, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray,_Iowa=Murray, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton,_Iowa=Clayton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmersburg,_Iowa=Farmersburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgewood,_Iowa=Edgewood, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkport,_Iowa=Elkport, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garber,_Iowa=Garber, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guttenberg,_Iowa=Guttenberg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkader,_Iowa=Elkader, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garnavillo,_Iowa=Garnavillo, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquette,_Iowa=Marquette, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luana,_Iowa=Luana, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGregor,_Iowa=McGregor, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monona,_Iowa=Monona, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Olaf,_Iowa=St. Olaf, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Point,_Iowa=Strawberry Point, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volga,_Iowa=Volga, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Buena_Vista,_Iowa=North Buena Vista, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andover,_Iowa=Andover, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamus,_Iowa=Calamus, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camanche,_Iowa=Camanche, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osterdock,_Iowa=Osterdock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte,_Iowa=Charlotte, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delmar,_Iowa=Delmar, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Lake,_Iowa=Goose Lake, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Mound,_Iowa=Grand Mound, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Moor,_Iowa=Low Moor, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto,_Iowa=Toronto, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Nation,_Iowa=Lost Nation, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Iowa=Clinton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspinwall,_Iowa=Aspinwall, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheatland,_Iowa=Wheatland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arion,_Iowa=Arion, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welton,_Iowa=Welton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charter_Oak,_Iowa=Charter Oak, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Grove,_Iowa=Buck Grove, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deloit,_Iowa=Deloit, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denison,_Iowa=Denison, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiron,_Iowa=Kiron, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricketts,_Iowa=Ricketts, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vail,_Iowa=Vail, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schleswig,_Iowa=Schleswig, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dow_City,_Iowa=Dow City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westside,_Iowa=Westside, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adel,_Iowa=Adel, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive,_Iowa=Clive, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouton,_Iowa=Bouton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Center,_Iowa=Dallas Center, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson,_Iowa=Dawson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Soto,_Iowa=De Soto, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimes,_Iowa=Grimes, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granger,_Iowa=Granger, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linden,_Iowa=Linden, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minburn,_Iowa=Minburn, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter,_Iowa=Dexter, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry,_Iowa=Perry, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Meter,_Iowa=Van Meter, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redfield,_Iowa=Redfield, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodward,_Iowa=Woodward, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbandale,_Iowa=Urbandale, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waukee,_Iowa=Waukee, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drakesville,_Iowa=Drakesville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Des_Moines,_Iowa=West Des Moines, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield,_Iowa=Bloomfield, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floris,_Iowa=Floris, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_City,_Iowa=Davis City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulaski,_Iowa=Pulaski, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur_City,_Iowa=Decatur City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Grove,_Iowa=Garden Grove, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_River,_Iowa=Grand River, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Roy,_Iowa=Le Roy, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Wert,_Iowa=Van Wert, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamoni,_Iowa=Lamoni, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon,_Iowa=Leon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weldon,_Iowa=Weldon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colesburg,_Iowa=Colesburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasanton,_Iowa=Pleasanton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware,_Iowa=Delaware, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi,_Iowa=Delhi, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundee,_Iowa=Dundee, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earlville,_Iowa=Earlville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyersville,_Iowa=Dyersville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greeley,_Iowa=Greeley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masonville,_Iowa=Masonville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_Iowa=Manchester, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan,_Iowa=Ryan, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danville,_Iowa=Danville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediapolis,_Iowa=Mediapolis, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnolds_Park,_Iowa=Arnolds Park, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopkinton,_Iowa=Hopkinton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Iowa=Burlington, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Park,_Iowa=Lake Park, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middletown,_Iowa=Middletown, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Burlington,_Iowa=West Burlington, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okoboji,_Iowa=Okoboji, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford,_Iowa=Milford, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orleans,_Iowa=Orleans, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_Lake,_Iowa=Spirit Lake, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terril,_Iowa=Terril, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior,_Iowa=Superior, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Okoboji,_Iowa=West Okoboji, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahpeton,_Iowa=Wahpeton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balltown,_Iowa=Balltown, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankston,_Iowa=Bankston, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centralia,_Iowa=Centralia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade,_Iowa=Cascade, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard,_Iowa=Bernard, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury,_Iowa=Asbury, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novi_Sad=Novi Sad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epworth,_Iowa=Epworth, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durango,_Iowa=Durango, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross,_Iowa=Holy Cross, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farley,_Iowa=Farley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Vienna,_Iowa=New Vienna, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxemburg,_Iowa=Luxemburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graf,_Iowa=Graf, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sageville,_Iowa=Sageville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peosta,_Iowa=Peosta, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickardsville,_Iowa=Rickardsville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherrill,_Iowa=Sherrill, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong,_Iowa=Armstrong, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington,_Iowa=Worthington, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolliver,_Iowa=Dolliver, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruver,_Iowa=Gruver, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estherville,_Iowa=Estherville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringsted,_Iowa=Ringsted, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayette,_Iowa=Fayette, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkeye,_Iowa=Hawkeye, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maynard,_Iowa=Maynard, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin,_Iowa=Elgin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont,_Iowa=Clermont, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallingford,_Iowa=Wallingford, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington,_Iowa=Arlington, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randalia,_Iowa=Randalia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oelwein,_Iowa=Oelwein, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Lucas,_Iowa=St. Lucas, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Union,_Iowa=West Union, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waucoma,_Iowa=Waucoma, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westgate,_Iowa=Westgate, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadena,_Iowa=Wadena, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_City,_Iowa=Charles City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colwell,_Iowa=Colwell, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Rock,_Iowa=Marble Rock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd,_Iowa=Floyd, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudd,_Iowa=Rudd, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander,_Iowa=Alexander, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockford,_Iowa=Rockford, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva,_Iowa=Geneva, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coulter,_Iowa=Coulter, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popejoy,_Iowa=Popejoy, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latimer,_Iowa=Latimer, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farragut,_Iowa=Farragut, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton,_Iowa=Hampton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield,_Iowa=Sheffield, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansell,_Iowa=Hansell, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg,_Iowa=Hamburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph,_Iowa=Randolph, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverton,_Iowa=Riverton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imogene,_Iowa=Imogene, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney,_Iowa=Sidney, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurman,_Iowa=Thurman, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churdan,_Iowa=Churdan, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana,_Iowa=Dana, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paton,_Iowa=Paton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rippey,_Iowa=Rippey, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Iowa=Jefferson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaman,_Iowa=Beaman, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scranton,_Iowa=Scranton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Junction,_Iowa=Grand Junction, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrison,_Iowa=Morrison, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grundy_Center,_Iowa=Grundy Center, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dike,_Iowa=Dike, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad,_Iowa=Conrad, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinbeck,_Iowa=Reinbeck, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stout,_Iowa=Stout, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Iowa=Holland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellsburg,_Iowa=Wellsburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagley,_Iowa=Bagley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayard,_Iowa=Bayard, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica,_Iowa=Jamaica, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale,_Iowa=Yale, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panora,_Iowa=Panora, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menlo,_Iowa=Menlo, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blairsburg,_Iowa=Blairsburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth,_Iowa=Ellsworth, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guthrie_Center,_Iowa=Guthrie Center, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewell_Junction,_Iowa=Jewell Junction, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamrar,_Iowa=Kamrar, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall,_Iowa=Randall, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams,_Iowa=Williams, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britt,_Iowa=Britt, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corwith,_Iowa=Corwith, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanhope,_Iowa=Stanhope, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster_City,_Iowa=Webster City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Lake,_Iowa=Crystal Lake, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodell,_Iowa=Goodell, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanawha,_Iowa=Kanawha, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klemme,_Iowa=Klemme, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woden,_Iowa=Woden, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckeye,_Iowa=Buckeye, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubbard,_Iowa=Hubbard, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Providence,_Iowa=New Providence, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldora,_Iowa=Eldora, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owasa,_Iowa=Owasa, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steamboat_Rock,_Iowa=Steamboat Rock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Falls,_Iowa=Iowa Falls, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Iowa=Union, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radcliffe,_Iowa=Radcliffe, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitten,_Iowa=Whitten, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia,_Iowa=Magnolia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Sioux,_Iowa=Little Sioux, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunlap,_Iowa=Dunlap, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan,_Iowa=Logan, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri_Valley,_Iowa=Missouri Valley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondamin,_Iowa=Mondamin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisgah,_Iowa=Pisgah, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modale,_Iowa=Modale, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persia,_Iowa=Persia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbine,_Iowa=Woodbine, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsboro,_Iowa=Hillsboro, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Union,_Iowa=Mount Union, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_London,_Iowa=New London, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant,_Iowa=Mount Pleasant, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olds,_Iowa=Olds, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayland,_Iowa=Wayland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome,_Iowa=Rome, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Iowa=Salem, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood,_Iowa=Westwood, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winfield,_Iowa=Winfield, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester,_Iowa=Chester, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elma,_Iowa=Elma, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_Springs,_Iowa=Lime Springs, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cresco,_Iowa=Cresco, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bode,_Iowa=Bode, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakota_City,_Iowa=Dakota City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradgate,_Iowa=Bradgate, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt,_Iowa=Humboldt, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardy,_Iowa=Hardy, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livermore,_Iowa=Livermore, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottosen,_Iowa=Ottosen, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutland,_Iowa=Rutland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renwick,_Iowa=Renwick, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thor,_Iowa=Thor, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer,_Iowa=Pioneer, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur,_Iowa=Arthur, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Creek,_Iowa=Battle Creek, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galva,_Iowa=Galva, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holstein,_Iowa=Holstein, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Grove,_Iowa=Ida Grove, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millersburg,_Iowa=Millersburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parnell,_Iowa=Parnell, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamsburg,_Iowa=Williamsburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew,_Iowa=Andrew, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladora,_Iowa=Ladora, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin,_Iowa=Baldwin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maquoketa,_Iowa=Maquoketa, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue,_Iowa=Bellevue, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Motte,_Iowa=La Motte, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monmouth,_Iowa=Monmouth, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles,_Iowa=Miles, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabula,_Iowa=Sabula, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston,_Iowa=Preston, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spragueville,_Iowa=Spragueville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springbrook,_Iowa=Springbrook, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colfax,_Iowa=Colfax, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg,_Iowa=Kellogg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baxter,_Iowa=Baxter, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Donatus,_Iowa=St. Donatus, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynnville,_Iowa=Lynnville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Iowa=Monroe, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingo,_Iowa=Mingo, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_Iowa=Newton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reasnor,_Iowa=Reasnor, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambs_Grove,_Iowa=Lambs Grove, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Acres,_Iowa=Oakland Acres, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_City,_Iowa=Prairie City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sully,_Iowa=Sully, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeria,_Iowa=Valeria, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batavia,_Iowa=Batavia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockridge,_Iowa=Lockridge, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libertyville,_Iowa=Libertyville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Plain,_Iowa=Pleasant Plain, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Iowa=Fairfield, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packwood,_Iowa=Packwood, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Tree,_Iowa=Lone Tree, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coralville,_Iowa=Coralville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hills,_Iowa=Hills, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford,_Iowa=Oxford, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Liberty,_Iowa=North Liberty, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swisher,_Iowa=Swisher, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shueyville,_Iowa=Shueyville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solon,_Iowa=Solon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffin,_Iowa=Tiffin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Heights,_Iowa=University Heights, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_Junction,_Iowa=Center Junction, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_City,_Iowa=Iowa City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Junction,_Iowa=Oxford Junction, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onslow,_Iowa=Onslow, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olin,_Iowa=Olin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martelle,_Iowa=Martelle, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anamosa,_Iowa=Anamosa, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morley,_Iowa=Morley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming,_Iowa=Wyoming, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta,_Iowa=Delta, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibson,_Iowa=Gibson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayesville,_Iowa=Hayesville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper,_Iowa=Harper, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedrick,_Iowa=Hedrick, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ollie,_Iowa=Ollie, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keswick,_Iowa=Keswick, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keota,_Iowa=Keota, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinsburg,_Iowa=Martinsburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigourney,_Iowa=Sigourney, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster,_Iowa=Webster, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_English,_Iowa=South English, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornburg,_Iowa=Thornburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bancroft,_Iowa=Bancroft, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinross,_Iowa=Kinross, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algona,_Iowa=Algona, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt,_Iowa=Burt, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton,_Iowa=Fenton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ledyard,_Iowa=Ledyard, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Cheer,_Iowa=What Cheer, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakota,_Iowa=Lakota, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Rock,_Iowa=Lone Rock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swea_City,_Iowa=Swea City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titonka,_Iowa=Titonka, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesley,_Iowa=Wesley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittemore,_Iowa=Whittemore, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Iowa=Franklin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houghton,_Iowa=Houghton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Madison,_Iowa=Fort Madison, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrose,_Iowa=Montrose, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keokuk,_Iowa=Keokuk, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul,_Iowa=St. Paul, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnellson,_Iowa=Donnellson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alburnett,_Iowa=Alburnett, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Point,_Iowa=West Point, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram,_Iowa=Bertram, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_City,_Iowa=Central City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_Point,_Iowa=Center Point, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coggon,_Iowa=Coggon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ely,_Iowa=Ely, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax,_Iowa=Fairfax, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiawatha,_Iowa=Hiawatha, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisbon,_Iowa=Lisbon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Rapids,_Iowa=Cedar Rapids, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Iowa=Marion, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palo,_Iowa=Palo, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairieburg,_Iowa=Prairieburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_Iowa=Mount Vernon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robins,_Iowa=Robins, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springville,_Iowa=Springville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker,_Iowa=Walker, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_City,_Iowa=Columbus City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Junction,_Iowa=Columbus Junction, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotter,_Iowa=Cotter, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letts,_Iowa=Letts, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chariton,_Iowa=Chariton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandview,_Iowa=Grandview, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakville,_Iowa=Oakville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wapello,_Iowa=Wapello, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Sun,_Iowa=Morning Sun, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derby,_Iowa=Derby, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredonia,_Iowa=Fredonia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas,_Iowa=Lucas, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamson,_Iowa=Williamson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell,_Iowa=Russell, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvord,_Iowa=Alvord, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doon,_Iowa=Doon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George,_Iowa=George, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester,_Iowa=Lester, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larchwood,_Iowa=Larchwood, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inwood,_Iowa=Inwood, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rock,_Iowa=Little Rock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Peru,_Iowa=East Peru, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterson,_Iowa=Patterson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earlham,_Iowa=Earlham, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macksburg,_Iowa=Macksburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Charles,_Iowa=St. Charles, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winterset,_Iowa=Winterset, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truro,_Iowa=Truro, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon,_Iowa=Beacon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_Iowa=Fremont, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keomah_Village,_Iowa=Keomah Village, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leighton,_Iowa=Leighton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Sharon,_Iowa=New Sharon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Hill,_Iowa=Rose Hill, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Park,_Iowa=University Park, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Rapids,_Iowa=Rock Rapids, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Iowa=Hamilton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bussey,_Iowa=Bussey, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey,_Iowa=Harvey, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marysville,_Iowa=Marysville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knoxville,_Iowa=Knoxville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melcher-Dallas,_Iowa=Melcher-Dallas, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pella,_Iowa=Pella, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan,_Iowa=Swan, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskaloosa,_Iowa=Oskaloosa, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albion,_Iowa=Albion, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clemons,_Iowa=Clemons, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferguson,_Iowa=Ferguson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasantville,_Iowa=Pleasantville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilman,_Iowa=Gilman, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel,_Iowa=Laurel, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haverhill,_Iowa=Haverhill, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liscomb,_Iowa=Liscomb, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne,_Iowa=Melbourne, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Anthony,_Iowa=St. Anthony, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes,_Iowa=Rhodes, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerson,_Iowa=Emerson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson,_Iowa=Henderson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshalltown,_Iowa=Marshalltown, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Junction,_Iowa=Pacific Junction, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_City,_Iowa=Silver City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Center,_Iowa=State Center, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings,_Iowa=Hastings, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malvern,_Iowa=Malvern, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenwood,_Iowa=Glenwood, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpenter,_Iowa=Carpenter, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McIntire,_Iowa=McIntire, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell,_Iowa=Mitchell, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchard,_Iowa=Orchard, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osage,_Iowa=Osage, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ansgar,_Iowa=St. Ansgar, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blencoe,_Iowa=Blencoe, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castana,_Iowa=Castana, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacyville,_Iowa=Stacyville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorhead,_Iowa=Moorhead, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapleton,_Iowa=Mapleton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ute,_Iowa=Ute, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier,_Iowa=Soldier, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiting,_Iowa=Whiting, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovilia,_Iowa=Lovilia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albia,_Iowa=Albia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney,_Iowa=Rodney, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turin,_Iowa=Turin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onawa,_Iowa=Onawa, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose,_Iowa=Melrose, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coburg,_Iowa=Coburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott,_Iowa=Elliott, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant,_Iowa=Grant, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Oak,_Iowa=Red Oak, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruitland,_Iowa=Fruitland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villisca,_Iowa=Villisca, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atalissa,_Iowa=Atalissa, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton,_Iowa=Stanton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conesville,_Iowa=Conesville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Liberty,_Iowa=West Liberty, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichols,_Iowa=Nichols, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton,_Iowa=Stockton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscatine,_Iowa=Muscatine, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archer,_Iowa=Archer, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartley,_Iowa=Hartley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paullina,_Iowa=Paullina, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutherland,_Iowa=Sutherland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanborn,_Iowa=Sanborn, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primghar,_Iowa=Primghar, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton,_Iowa=Ashton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calumet,_Iowa=Calumet, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris,_Iowa=Harris, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibley,_Iowa=Sibley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coin,_Iowa=Coin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanchard,_Iowa=Blanchard, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin,_Iowa=Melvin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Springs,_Iowa=College Springs, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocheyedan,_Iowa=Ocheyedan, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarinda,_Iowa=Clarinda, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braddyville,_Iowa=Braddyville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex,_Iowa=Essex, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hepburn,_Iowa=Hepburn, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northboro,_Iowa=Northboro, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curlew,_Iowa=Curlew, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayrshire,_Iowa=Ayrshire, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cylinder,_Iowa=Cylinder, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorktown,_Iowa=Yorktown, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallard,_Iowa=Mallard, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmetsburg,_Iowa=Emmetsburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graettinger,_Iowa=Graettinger, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shambaugh,_Iowa=Shambaugh, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akron,_Iowa=Akron, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthven,_Iowa=Ruthven, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodman,_Iowa=Rodman, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunsville,_Iowa=Brunsville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinton,_Iowa=Hinton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsley,_Iowa=Kingsley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig,_Iowa=Craig, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill,_Iowa=Merrill, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Mars,_Iowa=Le Mars, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remsen,_Iowa=Remsen, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Struble,_Iowa=Struble, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyens,_Iowa=Oyens, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havelock,_Iowa=Havelock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield,_Iowa=Westfield, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonda,_Iowa=Fonda, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurens,_Iowa=Laurens, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer,_Iowa=Palmer, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plover,_Iowa=Plover, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocahontas,_Iowa=Pocahontas, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolfe,_Iowa=Rolfe, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varina,_Iowa=Varina, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alleman,_Iowa=Alleman, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkhart,_Iowa=Elkhart, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altoona,_Iowa=Altoona, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston,_Iowa=Johnston, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankeny,_Iowa=Ankeny, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bondurant,_Iowa=Bondurant, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runnells,_Iowa=Runnells, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polk_City,_Iowa=Polk City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Hill,_Iowa=Pleasant Hill, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Heights,_Iowa=Windsor Heights, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent,_Iowa=Crescent, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson,_Iowa=Carson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avoca,_Iowa=Avoca, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock,_Iowa=Hancock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Lake,_Iowa=Carter Lake, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macedonia,_Iowa=Macedonia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minden,_Iowa=Minden, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neola,_Iowa=Neola, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClelland,_Iowa=McClelland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treynor,_Iowa=Treynor, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland,_Iowa=Oakland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underwood,_Iowa=Underwood, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_River,_Iowa=Deep River, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn,_Iowa=Brooklyn, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guernsey,_Iowa=Guernsey, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartwick,_Iowa=Hartwick, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcom,_Iowa=Malcom, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut,_Iowa=Walnut, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grinnell,_Iowa=Grinnell, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montezuma,_Iowa=Montezuma, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaconsfield,_Iowa=Beaconsfield, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphos,_Iowa=Delphos, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagonal,_Iowa=Diagonal, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton,_Iowa=Benton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellston,_Iowa=Ellston, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellerton,_Iowa=Kellerton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ayr,_Iowa=Mount Ayr, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tingley,_Iowa=Tingley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redding,_Iowa=Redding, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maloy,_Iowa=Maloy, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early,_Iowa=Early, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odebolt,_Iowa=Odebolt, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemaha,_Iowa=Nemaha, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schaller,_Iowa=Schaller, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sac_City,_Iowa=Sac City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_View,_Iowa=Lake View, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Lake,_Iowa=Wall Lake, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Iowa=Auburn, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Grass,_Iowa=Blue Grass, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettendorf,_Iowa=Bettendorf, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_Iowa=Buffalo, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon,_Iowa=Dixon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Grove,_Iowa=Long Grove, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldridge,_Iowa=Eldridge, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Claire,_Iowa=Le Claire, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maysville,_Iowa=Maysville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donahue,_Iowa=Donahue, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Liberty,_Iowa=New Liberty, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCausland,_Iowa=McCausland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverdale,_Iowa=Riverdale, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_Iowa=Princeton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_Park,_Iowa=Panorama Park, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earling,_Iowa=Earling, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defiance,_Iowa=Defiance, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Horn,_Iowa=Elk Horn, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlan,_Iowa=Harlan, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwin,_Iowa=Irwin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkman,_Iowa=Kirkman, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama,_Iowa=Panama, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth,_Iowa=Portsmouth, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennant,_Iowa=Tennant, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westphalia,_Iowa=Westphalia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alton,_Iowa=Alton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatsworth,_Iowa=Chatsworth, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyden,_Iowa=Boyden, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville,_Iowa=Granville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospers,_Iowa=Hospers, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull,_Iowa=Hull, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireton,_Iowa=Ireton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawarden,_Iowa=Hawarden, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matlock,_Iowa=Matlock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice,_Iowa=Maurice, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Valley,_Iowa=Rock Valley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_City,_Iowa=Orange City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge,_Iowa=Cambridge, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins,_Iowa=Collins, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colo,_Iowa=Colo, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert,_Iowa=Gilbert, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sioux_Center,_Iowa=Sioux Center, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huxley,_Iowa=Huxley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell,_Iowa=Maxwell, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelley,_Iowa=Kelley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slater,_Iowa=Slater, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCallsburg,_Iowa=McCallsburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zearing,_Iowa=Zearing, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland,_Iowa=Roland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea,_Iowa=Chelsea, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_City,_Iowa=Story City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clutier,_Iowa=Clutier, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elberon,_Iowa=Elberon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dysart,_Iowa=Dysart, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garwin,_Iowa=Garwin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladbrook,_Iowa=Gladbrook, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Iowa=Lincoln, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montour,_Iowa=Montour, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tama,_Iowa=Tama, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo,_Iowa=Toledo, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedford,_Iowa=Bedford, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blockton,_Iowa=Blockton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vining,_Iowa=Vining, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway,_Iowa=Conway, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity,_Iowa=Gravity, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Market,_Iowa=New Market, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traer,_Iowa=Traer, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpsburg,_Iowa=Sharpsburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afton,_Iowa=Afton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arispe,_Iowa=Arispe, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cromwell,_Iowa=Cromwell, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorimor,_Iowa=Lorimor, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham,_Iowa=Birmingham, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantril,_Iowa=Cantril, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaparte,_Iowa=Bonaparte, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thayer,_Iowa=Thayer, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmington,_Iowa=Farmington, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keosauqua,_Iowa=Keosauqua, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton,_Iowa=Milton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agency,_Iowa=Agency, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sterling,_Iowa=Mount Sterling, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockport,_Iowa=Stockport, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ackworth,_Iowa=Ackworth, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blakesburg,_Iowa=Blakesburg, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkville,_Iowa=Kirkville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chillicothe,_Iowa=Chillicothe, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumming,_Iowa=Cumming, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldon,_Iowa=Eldon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottumwa,_Iowa=Ottumwa, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford,_Iowa=Hartford, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacona,_Iowa=Lacona, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianola,_Iowa=Indianola, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo,_Iowa=Milo, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martensdale,_Iowa=Martensdale, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Virginia,_Iowa=New Virginia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawfordsville,_Iowa=Crawfordsville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton,_Iowa=Brighton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainsworth,_Iowa=Ainsworth, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Marys,_Iowa=St. Marys, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandyville,_Iowa=Sandyville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwalk,_Iowa=Norwalk, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Hill,_Iowa=Spring Hill, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalona,_Iowa=Kalona, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Chester,_Iowa=West Chester, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside,_Iowa=Riverside, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Iowa=Washington, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allerton,_Iowa=Allerton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clio,_Iowa=Clio, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humeston,_Iowa=Humeston, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellman,_Iowa=Wellman, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corydon,_Iowa=Corydon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lineville,_Iowa=Lineville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise_City,_Iowa=Promise City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badger,_Iowa=Badger, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millerton,_Iowa=Millerton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnum,_Iowa=Barnum, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callender,_Iowa=Callender, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare,_Iowa=Clare, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton,_Iowa=Dayton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour,_Iowa=Seymour, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncombe,_Iowa=Duncombe, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehigh,_Iowa=Lehigh, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gowrie,_Iowa=Gowrie, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Dodge,_Iowa=Fort Dodge, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harcourt,_Iowa=Harcourt, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorland,_Iowa=Moorland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otho,_Iowa=Otho, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent,_Iowa=Vincent, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Center,_Iowa=Buffalo Center, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leland,_Iowa=Leland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rake,_Iowa=Rake, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Mills,_Iowa=Lake Mills, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson,_Iowa=Thompson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castalia,_Iowa=Castalia, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calmar,_Iowa=Calmar, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Atkinson,_Iowa=Fort Atkinson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Junction,_Iowa=Jackson Junction, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarville,_Iowa=Scarville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decorah,_Iowa=Decorah, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgeway,_Iowa=Ridgeway, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spillville,_Iowa=Spillville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthon,_Iowa=Anthon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ossian,_Iowa=Ossian, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Correctionville,_Iowa=Correctionville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushing,_Iowa=Cushing, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronson,_Iowa=Bronson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danbury,_Iowa=Danbury, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornick,_Iowa=Hornick, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawton,_Iowa=Lawton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierson,_Iowa=Pierson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oto,_Iowa=Oto, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moville,_Iowa=Moville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_Bluff,_Iowa=Sergeant Bluff, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sloan,_Iowa=Sloan, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithland,_Iowa=Smithland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salix,_Iowa=Salix, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fertile,_Iowa=Fertile, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton,_Iowa=Grafton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joice,_Iowa=Joice, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanlontown,_Iowa=Hanlontown, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensett,_Iowa=Kensett, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manly,_Iowa=Manly, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwood,_Iowa=Northwood, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmond,_Iowa=Belmond, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarion,_Iowa=Clarion, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galt,_Iowa=Galt, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Grove,_Iowa=Eagle Grove, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan,_Iowa=Rowan, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassett,_Kansas=Bassett, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsmore,_Kansas=Elsmore, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolstock,_Iowa=Woolstock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt,_Kansas=Humboldt, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldfield,_Iowa=Goldfield, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Harpe,_Kansas=La Harpe, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas,_Kansas=Gas, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iola,_Kansas=Iola, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildred,_Kansas=Mildred, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savonburg,_Kansas=Savonburg, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moran,_Kansas=Moran, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greeley,_Kansas=Greeley, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colony,_Kansas=Colony, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kincaid,_Kansas=Kincaid, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garnett,_Kansas=Garnett, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westphalia,_Kansas=Westphalia, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Elm,_Kansas=Lone Elm, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron,_Kansas=Huron, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effingham,_Kansas=Effingham, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atchison,_Kansas=Atchison, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Kansas=Lancaster, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel,_Kansas=Isabel, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiowa,_Kansas=Kiowa, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscotah,_Kansas=Muscotah, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardtner,_Kansas=Hardtner, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazelton,_Kansas=Hazelton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Lodge,_Kansas=Medicine Lodge, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon,_Kansas=Sharon, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert,_Kansas=Albert, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_City,_Kansas=Sun City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claflin,_Kansas=Claflin, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galatia,_Kansas=Galatia, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellinwood,_Kansas=Ellinwood, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olmitz,_Kansas=Olmitz, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawnee_Rock,_Kansas=Pawnee Rock, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susank,_Kansas=Susank, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoisington,_Kansas=Hoisington, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Bend,_Kansas=Great Bend, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronson,_Kansas=Bronson, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapleton,_Kansas=Mapleton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton,_Kansas=Fulton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redfield,_Kansas=Redfield, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Scott,_Kansas=Fort Scott, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniontown,_Kansas=Uniontown, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairview,_Kansas=Fairview, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlin,_Kansas=Hamlin, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everest,_Kansas=Everest, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horton,_Kansas=Horton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reserve,_Kansas=Reserve, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrill,_Kansas=Morrill, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powhattan,_Kansas=Powhattan, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis,_Kansas=Willis, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson,_Kansas=Robinson, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiawatha,_Kansas=Hiawatha, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton,_Kansas=Benton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta,_Kansas=Augusta, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andover,_Kansas=Andover, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassoday,_Kansas=Cassoday, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbing,_Kansas=Elbing, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latham,_Kansas=Latham, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglass,_Kansas=Douglass, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Dorado,_Kansas=El Dorado, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Hill,_Kansas=Rose Hill, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towanda,_Kansas=Towanda, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potwin,_Kansas=Potwin, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitewater,_Kansas=Whitewater, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon,_Kansas=Leon, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Point,_Kansas=Cedar Point, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood_Falls,_Kansas=Cottonwood Falls, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmdale,_Kansas=Elmdale, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Vale,_Kansas=Cedar Vale, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chautauqua,_Kansas=Chautauqua, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin,_Kansas=Elgin, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matfield_Green,_Kansas=Matfield Green, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_City,_Kansas=Strong City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru,_Kansas=Peru, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedan,_Kansas=Sedan, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Kansas=Columbus, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galena,_Kansas=Galena, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niotaze,_Kansas=Niotaze, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baxter_Springs,_Kansas=Baxter Springs, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseland,_Kansas=Roseland, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scammon,_Kansas=Scammon, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weir,_Kansas=Weir, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Mineral,_Kansas=West Mineral, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_City,_Kansas=Bird City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis,_Kansas=St. Francis, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneola,_Kansas=Minneola, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland,_Kansas=Ashland, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green,_Kansas=Green, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morganville,_Kansas=Morganville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Englewood,_Kansas=Englewood, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longford,_Kansas=Longford, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Center,_Kansas=Clay Center, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakefield,_Kansas=Wakefield, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Hill,_Kansas=Oak Hill, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde,_Kansas=Clyde, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Kansas=Aurora, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia,_Kansas=Concordia, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown,_Kansas=Jamestown, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gridley,_Kansas=Gridley, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Kansas=Burlington, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeRoy,_Kansas=LeRoy, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasco,_Kansas=Glasco, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Strawn,_Kansas=New Strawn, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waverly,_Kansas=Waverly, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miltonvale,_Kansas=Miltonvale, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmore,_Kansas=Wilmore, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protection,_Kansas=Protection, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas_City,_Kansas=Arkansas City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter,_Kansas=Dexter, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta,_Kansas=Atlanta, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldwater,_Kansas=Coldwater, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge,_Kansas=Cambridge, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burden,_Kansas=Burden, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udall,_Kansas=Udall, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winfield,_Kansas=Winfield, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia,_Kansas=Arcadia, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arma,_Kansas=Arma, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontenac,_Kansas=Frontenac, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCune,_Kansas=McCune, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girard,_Kansas=Girard, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee,_Kansas=Cherokee, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hepler,_Kansas=Hepler, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut,_Kansas=Walnut, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulberry,_Kansas=Mulberry, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburg,_Kansas=Pittsburg, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden,_Kansas=Dresden, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennings,_Kansas=Jennings, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norcatur,_Kansas=Norcatur, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberlin,_Kansas=Oberlin, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton,_Kansas=Carlton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman,_Kansas=Chapman, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abilene,_Kansas=Abilene, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbine,_Kansas=Woodbine, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise,_Kansas=Enterprise, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_Kansas=Manchester, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope,_Kansas=Hope, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denton,_Kansas=Denton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severance,_Kansas=Severance, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leona,_Kansas=Leona, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_Kansas=Troy, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland,_Kansas=Highland, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elwood,_Kansas=Elwood, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wathena,_Kansas=Wathena, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Cloud,_Kansas=White Cloud, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudora,_Kansas=Eudora, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_City,_Kansas=Baldwin City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lecompton,_Kansas=Lecompton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis,_Kansas=Lewis, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belpre,_Kansas=Belpre, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offerle,_Kansas=Offerle, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinsley,_Kansas=Kinsley, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenola,_Kansas=Grenola, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Falls,_Kansas=Elk Falls, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard,_Kansas=Howard, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moline,_Kansas=Moline, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longton,_Kansas=Longton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence,_Kansas=Lawrence, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellis,_Kansas=Ellis, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoenchen,_Kansas=Schoenchen, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria,_Kansas=Victoria, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holyrood,_Kansas=Holyrood, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hays,_Kansas=Hays, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth,_Kansas=Ellsworth, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine,_Kansas=Lorraine, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holcomb,_Kansas=Holcomb, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanopolis,_Kansas=Kanopolis, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson,_Kansas=Wilson, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_City,_Kansas=Garden City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucklin,_Kansas=Bucklin, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford,_Kansas=Ford, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spearville,_Kansas=Spearville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane,_Kansas=Lane, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_City,_Kansas=Dodge City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomona,_Kansas=Pomona, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rantoul,_Kansas=Rantoul, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_Kansas=Princeton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellsville,_Kansas=Wellsville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa,_Kansas=Ottawa, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Kansas=Richmond, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamsburg,_Kansas=Williamsburg, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandview_Plaza,_Kansas=Grandview Plaza, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford,_Kansas=Milford, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Ontario=Kingston, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinter,_Kansas=Quinter, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction_City,_Kansas=Junction City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gove_City,_Kansas=Gove City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grainfield,_Kansas=Grainfield, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grinnell,_Kansas=Grinnell, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park,_Kansas=Park, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogue,_Kansas=Bogue, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_City,_Kansas=Hill City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morland,_Kansas=Morland, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copeland,_Kansas=Copeland, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses,_Kansas=Ulysses, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimarron,_Kansas=Cimarron, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingalls,_Kansas=Ingalls, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montezuma,_Kansas=Montezuma, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace,_Kansas=Horace, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensign,_Kansas=Ensign, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribune,_Kansas=Tribune, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climax,_Kansas=Climax, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Kansas=Madison, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka,_Kansas=Eureka, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severy,_Kansas=Severy, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil,_Kansas=Virgil, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Kansas=Hamilton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coolidge,_Kansas=Coolidge, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_River,_Kansas=Fall River, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse,_Kansas=Syracuse, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony,_Kansas=Anthony, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attica,_Kansas=Attica, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluff_City,_Kansas=Bluff City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeport,_Kansas=Freeport, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danville,_Kansas=Danville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldron,_Kansas=Waldron, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesston,_Kansas=Hesston, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halstead,_Kansas=Halstead, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrton,_Kansas=Burrton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper,_Kansas=Harper, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Newton,_Kansas=North Newton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_Kansas=Newton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walton,_Kansas=Walton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sublette,_Kansas=Sublette, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satanta,_Kansas=Satanta, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanston,_Kansas=Hanston, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetmore,_Kansas=Jetmore, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circleville,_Kansas=Circleville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holton,_Kansas=Holton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denison,_Kansas=Denison, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayetta,_Kansas=Mayetta, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delia,_Kansas=Delia, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netawaka,_Kansas=Netawaka, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier,_Kansas=Soldier, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoyt,_Kansas=Hoyt, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLouth,_Kansas=McLouth, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiting,_Kansas=Whiting, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meriden,_Kansas=Meriden, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nortonville,_Kansas=Nortonville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskaloosa,_Kansas=Oskaloosa, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Falls,_Kansas=Valley Falls, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry,_Kansas=Perry, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esbon,_Kansas=Esbon, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester,_Kansas=Winchester, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewell,_Kansas=Jewell, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankato,_Kansas=Mankato, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall,_Kansas=Randall, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burr_Oak,_Kansas=Burr Oak, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozawkie,_Kansas=Ozawkie, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webber,_Kansas=Webber, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formoso,_Kansas=Formoso, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgerton,_Kansas=Edgerton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Soto,_Kansas=De Soto, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardner,_Kansas=Gardner, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairway,_Kansas=Fairway, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission,_Kansas=Mission, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merriam,_Kansas=Merriam, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenexa,_Kansas=Lenexa, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Hills,_Kansas=Mission Hills, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leawood,_Kansas=Leawood, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Woods,_Kansas=Mission Woods, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roeland_Park,_Kansas=Roeland Park, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olathe,_Kansas=Olathe, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overland_Park,_Kansas=Overland Park, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawnee,_Kansas=Shawnee, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakin,_Kansas=Lakin, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deerfield,_Kansas=Deerfield, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_Hills,_Kansas=Westwood Hills, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood,_Kansas=Westwood, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunningham,_Kansas=Cunningham, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingman,_Kansas=Kingman, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville,_Kansas=Nashville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich,_Kansas=Norwich, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spivey,_Kansas=Spivey, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penalosa,_Kansas=Penalosa, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullinville,_Kansas=Mullinville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensburg,_Kansas=Greensburg, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haviland,_Kansas=Haviland, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altamont,_Kansas=Altamont, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenda,_Kansas=Zenda, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartlett,_Kansas=Bartlett, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chetopa,_Kansas=Chetopa, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna,_Kansas=Edna, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labette,_Kansas=Labette, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mound_Valley,_Kansas=Mound Valley, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dighton,_Kansas=Dighton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsons,_Kansas=Parsons, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easton,_Kansas=Easton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswego,_Kansas=Oswego, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linwood,_Kansas=Linwood, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lansing,_Kansas=Lansing, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonganoxie,_Kansas=Tonganoxie, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basehor,_Kansas=Basehor, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly,_Kansas=Beverly, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnard,_Kansas=Barnard, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Center,_Kansas=Lincoln Center, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cygne,_Kansas=La Cygne, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvan_Grove,_Kansas=Sylvan Grove, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn_Valley,_Kansas=Linn Valley, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker,_Kansas=Parker, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Mound,_Kansas=Blue Mound, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasanton,_Kansas=Pleasanton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mound_City,_Kansas=Mound City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Springs,_Kansas=Russell Springs, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prescott,_Kansas=Prescott, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona,_Kansas=Winona, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Admire,_Kansas=Admire, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen,_Kansas=Allen, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americus,_Kansas=Americus, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushong,_Kansas=Bushong, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford,_Kansas=Hartford, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neosho_Rapids,_Kansas=Neosho Rapids, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Kansas=Reading, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emporia,_Kansas=Emporia, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olpe,_Kansas=Olpe, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham,_Kansas=Durham, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence,_Kansas=Florence, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burns,_Kansas=Burns, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsboro,_Kansas=Hillsboro, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goessel,_Kansas=Goessel, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincolnville,_Kansas=Lincolnville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehigh,_Kansas=Lehigh, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Springs,_Kansas=Lost Springs, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Kansas=Marion, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona,_Kansas=Ramona, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa,_Kansas=Tampa, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beattie,_Kansas=Beattie, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axtell,_Kansas=Axtell, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peabody,_Kansas=Peabody, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfort,_Kansas=Frankfort, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marysville,_Kansas=Marysville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oketo,_Kansas=Oketo, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerfield,_Kansas=Summerfield, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermillion,_Kansas=Vermillion, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterville,_Kansas=Waterville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inman,_Kansas=Inman, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton,_Kansas=Canton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galva,_Kansas=Galva, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsborg,_Kansas=Lindsborg, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moundridge,_Kansas=Moundridge, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquette,_Kansas=Marquette, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windom,_Kansas=Windom, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fowler,_Kansas=Fowler, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McPherson,_Kansas=McPherson, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plains,_Kansas=Plains, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meade,_Kansas=Meade, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontana,_Kansas=Fontana, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisburg,_Kansas=Louisburg, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paola,_Kansas=Paola, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osawatomie,_Kansas=Osawatomie, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beloit,_Kansas=Beloit, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter,_Kansas=Hunter, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Elder,_Kansas=Glen Elder, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottsville,_Kansas=Scottsville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cawker_City,_Kansas=Cawker City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipton,_Kansas=Tipton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caney,_Kansas=Caney, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherryvale,_Kansas=Cherryvale, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dearing,_Kansas=Dearing, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana,_Kansas=Havana, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_City,_Kansas=Elk City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty,_Kansas=Liberty, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunlap,_Kansas=Dunlap, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffeyville,_Kansas=Coffeyville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyro,_Kansas=Tyro, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latimer,_Kansas=Latimer, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_Grove,_Kansas=Council Grove, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight,_Kansas=Dwight, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence,_Kansas=Independence, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkerville,_Kansas=Parkerville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_City,_Kansas=White City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilsey,_Kansas=Wilsey, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richfield,_Kansas=Richfield, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkhart,_Kansas=Elkhart, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolla,_Kansas=Rolla, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centralia,_Kansas=Centralia, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goff,_Kansas=Goff, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oneida,_Kansas=Oneida, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seneca,_Kansas=Seneca, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bern,_Kansas=Bern, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corning,_Kansas=Corning, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetmore,_Kansas=Wetmore, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanute,_Kansas=Chanute, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earlton,_Kansas=Earlton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie,_Kansas=Erie, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stark,_Kansas=Stark, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galesburg,_Kansas=Galesburg, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazine,_Kansas=Bazine, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownell,_Kansas=Brownell, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul,_Kansas=St. Paul, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thayer,_Kansas=Thayer, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransom,_Kansas=Ransom, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ness_City,_Kansas=Ness City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utica,_Kansas=Utica, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond,_Kansas=Edmond, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenora,_Kansas=Lenora, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton,_Kansas=Norton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon,_Kansas=Lyndon, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbondale,_Kansas=Carbondale, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almena,_Kansas=Almena, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlingame,_Kansas=Burlingame, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivet,_Kansas=Olivet, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overbrook,_Kansas=Overbrook, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quenemo,_Kansas=Quenemo, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osage_City,_Kansas=Osage City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvern,_Kansas=Melvern, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alton,_Kansas=Alton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scranton,_Kansas=Scranton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downs,_Kansas=Downs, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natoma,_Kansas=Natoma, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennington,_Kansas=Bennington, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portis,_Kansas=Portis, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osborne,_Kansas=Osborne, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culver,_Kansas=Culver, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphos,_Kansas=Delphos, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tescott,_Kansas=Tescott, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burdett,_Kansas=Burdett, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield,_Kansas=Garfield, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larned,_Kansas=Larned, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneapolis,_Kansas=Minneapolis, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glade,_Kansas=Glade, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agra,_Kansas=Agra, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan,_Kansas=Logan, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozel,_Kansas=Rozel, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View,_Kansas=Prairie View, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belvue,_Kansas=Belvue, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirwin,_Kansas=Kirwin, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed,_Kansas=Speed, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Island,_Kansas=Long Island, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillipsburg,_Kansas=Phillipsburg, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett,_Kansas=Emmett, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havensville,_Kansas=Havensville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onaga,_Kansas=Onaga, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Kansas=Louisville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olsburg,_Kansas=Olsburg, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George,_Kansas=St. George, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheaton,_Kansas=Wheaton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wamego,_Kansas=Wamego, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byers,_Kansas=Byers, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coats,_Kansas=Coats, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cullison,_Kansas=Cullison, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iuka,_Kansas=Iuka, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston,_Kansas=Preston, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratt,_Kansas=Pratt, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawyer,_Kansas=Sawyer, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonald,_Kansas=McDonald, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atwood,_Kansas=Atwood, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmoreland,_Kansas=Westmoreland, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herndon,_Kansas=Herndon, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington,_Kansas=Arlington, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haven,_Kansas=Haven, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhler,_Kansas=Buhler, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langdon,_Kansas=Langdon, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbyville,_Kansas=Abbyville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchinson,_Kansas=Hutchinson, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickerson,_Kansas=Nickerson, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Prairie,_Kansas=Pretty Prairie, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partridge,_Kansas=Partridge, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plevna,_Kansas=Plevna, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia,_Kansas=Sylvia, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Hutchinson,_Kansas=South Hutchinson, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turon,_Kansas=Turon, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willowbrook,_Kansas=Willowbrook, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agenda,_Kansas=Agenda, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleville,_Kansas=Belleville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtland,_Kansas=Courtland, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munden,_Kansas=Munden, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narka,_Kansas=Narka, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic,_Kansas=Republic, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba,_Kansas=Cuba, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushton,_Kansas=Bushton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alden,_Kansas=Alden, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_River,_Kansas=Little River, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick,_Kansas=Frederick, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase,_Kansas=Chase, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandia,_Kansas=Scandia, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneseo,_Kansas=Geneseo, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond,_Kansas=Raymond, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyons,_Kansas=Lyons, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riley,_Kansas=Riley, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph,_Kansas=Randolph, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardville,_Kansas=Leonardville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damar,_Kansas=Damar, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden,_Kansas=Ogden, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling,_Kansas=Sterling, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palco,_Kansas=Palco, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton,_Kansas=Stockton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainville,_Kansas=Plainville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich,_Kansas=Zurich, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bison,_Kansas=Bison, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodston,_Kansas=Woodston, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCracken,_Kansas=McCracken, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liebenthal,_Kansas=Liebenthal, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Crosse,_Kansas=La Crosse, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timken,_Kansas=Timken, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Center,_Kansas=Rush Center, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander,_Kansas=Alexander, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis,_Kansas=Otis, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorrance,_Kansas=Dorrance, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunker_Hill,_Kansas=Bunker Hill, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorham,_Kansas=Gorham, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo,_Kansas=Waldo, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise,_Kansas=Paradise, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luray,_Kansas=Luray, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas,_Kansas=Lucas, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell,_Kansas=Russell, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookville,_Kansas=Brookville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assaria,_Kansas=Assaria, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsum,_Kansas=Gypsum, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cambria,_Kansas=New Cambria, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolan,_Kansas=Smolan, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_City,_Kansas=Scott City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andale,_Kansas=Andale, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Aire,_Kansas=Bel Aire, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salina,_Kansas=Salina, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colwich,_Kansas=Colwich, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheney,_Kansas=Cheney, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley,_Kansas=Bentley, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater,_Kansas=Clearwater, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derby,_Kansas=Derby, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastborough,_Kansas=Eastborough, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Plain,_Kansas=Garden Plain, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kechi,_Kansas=Kechi, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haysville,_Kansas=Haysville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maize,_Kansas=Maize, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goddard,_Kansas=Goddard, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_City,_Kansas=Park City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Center,_Kansas=Valley Center, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viola,_Kansas=Viola, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hope,_Kansas=Mount Hope, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismet,_Kansas=Kismet, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichita,_Kansas=Wichita, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossville,_Kansas=Rossville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Kansas=Auburn, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selden,_Kansas=Selden, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Lake,_Kansas=Silver Lake, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal,_Kansas=Liberal, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodland,_Kansas=Goodland, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoxie,_Kansas=Hoxie, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanorado,_Kansas=Kanorado, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athol,_Kansas=Athol, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar,_Kansas=Cedar, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaylord,_Kansas=Gaylord, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensington,_Kansas=Kensington, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radium,_Kansas=Radium, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macksville,_Kansas=Macksville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Center,_Kansas=Smith Center, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon,_Kansas=Lebanon, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John,_Kansas=St. John, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson,_Kansas=Hudson, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seward,_Kansas=Seward, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stafford,_Kansas=Stafford, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_City,_Kansas=Johnson City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manter,_Kansas=Manter, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow,_Kansas=Moscow, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argonia,_Kansas=Argonia, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugoton,_Kansas=Hugoton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Plaine,_Kansas=Belle Plaine, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell,_Kansas=Caldwell, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway_Springs,_Kansas=Conway Springs, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford,_Kansas=Oxford, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan,_Kansas=Milan, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayfield,_Kansas=Mayfield, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunnewell,_Kansas=Hunnewell, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Haven,_Kansas=South Haven, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington,_Kansas=Wellington, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gem,_Kansas=Gem, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster,_Kansas=Brewster, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menlo,_Kansas=Menlo, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rexford,_Kansas=Rexford, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collyer,_Kansas=Collyer, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colby,_Kansas=Colby, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WaKeeney,_Kansas=WaKeeney, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Vista,_Kansas=Alta Vista, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskridge,_Kansas=Eskridge, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma,_Kansas=Alma, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Hill,_Kansas=Maple Hill, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McFarland,_Kansas=McFarland, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paxico,_Kansas=Paxico, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harveyville,_Kansas=Harveyville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Springs,_Kansas=Sharon Springs, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace,_Kansas=Wallace, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes,_Kansas=Barnes, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haddam,_Kansas=Haddam, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover,_Kansas=Hanover, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollenberg,_Kansas=Hollenberg, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn,_Kansas=Linn, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahaska,_Kansas=Mahaska, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenleaf,_Kansas=Greenleaf, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrowville,_Kansas=Morrowville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer,_Kansas=Palmer, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leoti,_Kansas=Leoti, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altoona,_Kansas=Altoona, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Kansas=Washington, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict,_Kansas=Benedict, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_Kansas=Buffalo, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coyville,_Kansas=Coyville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Albany,_Kansas=New Albany, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neodesha,_Kansas=Neodesha, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto,_Kansas=Toronto, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neosho_Falls,_Kansas=Neosho Falls, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredonia,_Kansas=Fredonia, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwardsville,_Kansas=Edwardsville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yates_Center,_Kansas=Yates Center, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barlow,_Kentucky=Barlow, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blandville,_Kentucky=Blandville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottsville,_Kentucky=Scottsville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaCenter,_Kentucky=LaCenter, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevil,_Kentucky=Kevil, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia,_Kentucky=Columbia, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wickliffe,_Kentucky=Wickliffe, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrenceburg,_Kentucky=Lawrenceburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Kansas=Kansas City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_City,_Kentucky=Cave City, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owingsville,_Kentucky=Owingsville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_City,_Kentucky=Park City, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow,_Kentucky=Glasgow, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Lick,_Kentucky=Salt Lick, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpsburg,_Kentucky=Sharpsburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pineville,_Kentucky=Pineville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence,_Kentucky=Florence, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Kentucky=Union, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Middletown,_Kentucky=North Middletown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millersburg,_Kentucky=Millersburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesboro,_Kentucky=Middlesboro, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris,_Kentucky=Paris, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catlettsburg,_Kentucky=Catlettsburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta,_Kentucky=Augusta, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooksville,_Kentucky=Brooksville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland,_Kentucky=Ashland, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danville,_Kentucky=Danville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Kentucky=Jackson, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perryville,_Kentucky=Perryville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvington,_Kentucky=Irvington, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardinsburg,_Kentucky=Hardinsburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloverport,_Kentucky=Cloverport, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Chase,_Kentucky=Fox Chase, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebron_Estates,_Kentucky=Hebron Estates, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillview,_Kentucky=Hillview, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunters_Hollow,_Kentucky=Hunters Hollow, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon_Junction,_Kentucky=Lebanon Junction, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Village,_Kentucky=Pioneer Village, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Washington,_Kentucky=Mount Washington, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepherdsville,_Kentucky=Shepherdsville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgantown,_Kentucky=Morgantown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester,_Kentucky=Rochester, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredonia,_Kentucky=Fredonia, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel,_Kentucky=Hazel, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbury,_Kentucky=Woodbury, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_Kentucky=Princeton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crestview,_Kentucky=Crestview, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray,_Kentucky=Murray, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue,_Kentucky=Bellevue, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California,_Kentucky=California, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria,_Kentucky=Alexandria, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Spring,_Kentucky=Cold Spring, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton,_Kentucky=Dayton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne,_Kentucky=Melbourne, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentor,_Kentucky=Mentor, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southgate,_Kentucky=Southgate, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Grove,_Kentucky=Silver Grove, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Heights,_Kentucky=Highland Heights, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Kentucky=Newport, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilder,_Kentucky=Wilder, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodlawn,_Kentucky=Woodlawn, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Thomas,_Kentucky=Fort Thomas, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington,_Kentucky=Arlington, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardwell,_Kentucky=Bardwell, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrollton,_Kentucky=Carrollton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent,_Kentucky=Ghent, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthville,_Kentucky=Worthville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanders,_Kentucky=Sanders, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestonville,_Kentucky=Prestonville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayson,_Kentucky=Grayson, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Hill,_Kentucky=Olive Hill, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty,_Kentucky=Liberty, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crofton,_Kentucky=Crofton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaFayette,_Kentucky=LaFayette, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Grove,_Kentucky=Oak Grove, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester,_Kentucky=Winchester, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembroke,_Kentucky=Pembroke, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_Kentucky=Albany, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_Kentucky=Manchester, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Kentucky=Marion, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dycusburg,_Kentucky=Dycusburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopkinsville,_Kentucky=Hopkinsville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Hook,_Kentucky=Sandy Hook, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsville,_Kentucky=Brownsville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitesville,_Kentucky=Whitesville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkesville,_Kentucky=Burkesville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenna,_Kentucky=Ravenna, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvine,_Kentucky=Irvine, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewing,_Kentucky=Ewing, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flemingsburg,_Kentucky=Flemingsburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayland,_Kentucky=Wayland, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin,_Kentucky=Martin, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen,_Kentucky=Allen, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glencoe,_Kentucky=Glencoe, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton,_Kentucky=Fulton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickman,_Kentucky=Hickman, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelwright,_Kentucky=Wheelwright, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Kentucky=Lancaster, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_Ridge,_Kentucky=Dry Ridge, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crittenden,_Kentucky=Crittenden, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw,_Kentucky=Warsaw, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingo,_Kentucky=Wingo, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Valley,_Kentucky=Water Valley, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayfield,_Kentucky=Mayfield, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkson,_Kentucky=Clarkson, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensburg,_Kentucky=Greensburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caneyville,_Kentucky=Caneyville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leitchfield,_Kentucky=Leitchfield, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellefonte,_Kentucky=Bellefonte, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatwoods,_Kentucky=Flatwoods, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenup,_Kentucky=Greenup, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raceland,_Kentucky=Raceland, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell,_Kentucky=Russell, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington,_Kentucky=Worthington, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawesville,_Kentucky=Hawesville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Shore,_Kentucky=South Shore, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisport,_Kentucky=Lewisport, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radcliff,_Kentucky=Radcliff, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wurtland,_Kentucky=Wurtland, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabethtown,_Kentucky=Elizabethtown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora,_Kentucky=Sonora, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vine_Grove,_Kentucky=Vine Grove, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Point,_Kentucky=West Point, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benham,_Kentucky=Benham, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Kentucky=Cumberland, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyall,_Kentucky=Loyall, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlan,_Kentucky=Harlan, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynch,_Kentucky=Lynch, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evarts,_Kentucky=Evarts, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallins_Creek,_Kentucky=Wallins Creek, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry,_Kentucky=Berry, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnieville,_Kentucky=Bonnieville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corydon,_Kentucky=Corydon, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthiana,_Kentucky=Cynthiana, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munfordville,_Kentucky=Munfordville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robards,_Kentucky=Robards, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbellsburg,_Kentucky=Campbellsburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eminence,_Kentucky=Eminence, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Castle,_Kentucky=New Castle, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithfield,_Kentucky=Smithfield, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson,_Kentucky=Henderson, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Kentucky=Columbus, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earlington,_Kentucky=Earlington, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madisonville,_Kentucky=Madisonville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Kentucky=Clinton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebo,_Kentucky=Nebo, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortons_Gap,_Kentucky=Mortons Gap, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanson,_Kentucky=Hanson, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nortonville,_Kentucky=Nortonville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Charles,_Kentucky=St. Charles, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Plains,_Kentucky=White Plains, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bancroft,_Kentucky=Bancroft, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audubon_Park,_Kentucky=Audubon Park, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beechwood_Village,_Kentucky=Beechwood Village, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKee,_Kentucky=McKee, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Kentucky=Anchorage, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbourmeade,_Kentucky=Barbourmeade, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellewood,_Kentucky=Bellewood, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellemeade,_Kentucky=Bellemeade, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Ridge_Manor,_Kentucky=Blue Ridge Manor, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broad_Fields,_Kentucky=Broad Fields, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briarwood,_Kentucky=Briarwood, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broeck_Pointe,_Kentucky=Broeck Pointe, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsboro_Farm,_Kentucky=Brownsboro Farm, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsboro_Village,_Kentucky=Brownsboro Village, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherrywood_Village,_Kentucky=Cherrywood Village, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge,_Kentucky=Cambridge, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream,_Kentucky=Coldstream, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossgate,_Kentucky=Crossgate, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Druid_Hills,_Kentucky=Druid Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creekside,_Kentucky=Creekside, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmeade,_Kentucky=Fairmeade, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fincastle,_Kentucky=Fincastle, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenview_Hills,_Kentucky=Glenview Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglass_Hills,_Kentucky=Douglass Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Hills,_Kentucky=Forest Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenview,_Kentucky=Glenview, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenview_Manor,_Kentucky=Glenview Manor, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Creek,_Kentucky=Goose Creek, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graymoor-Devondale,_Kentucky=Graymoor-Devondale, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Spring,_Kentucky=Green Spring, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hills_and_Dales,_Kentucky=Hills and Dales, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollyvilla,_Kentucky=Hollyvilla, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Acres,_Kentucky=Houston Acres, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory_Hill,_Kentucky=Hickory Hill, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurstbourne_Acres,_Kentucky=Hurstbourne Acres, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurstbourne,_Kentucky=Hurstbourne, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Hills,_Kentucky=Indian Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffersontown,_Kentucky=Jeffersontown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincolnshire,_Kentucky=Lincolnshire, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeneland,_Kentucky=Keeneland, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langdon_Place,_Kentucky=Langdon Place, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsley,_Kentucky=Kingsley, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_Creek,_Kentucky=Hollow Creek, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynnview,_Kentucky=Lynnview, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon,_Kentucky=Lyndon, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Creek,_Kentucky=Manor Creek, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryhill_Estates,_Kentucky=Maryhill Estates, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadow_Vale,_Kentucky=Meadow Vale, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadowview_Estates,_Kentucky=Meadowview Estates, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_Creek,_Kentucky=Heritage Creek, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middletown,_Kentucky=Middletown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorland,_Kentucky=Moorland, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Hill,_Kentucky=Murray Hill, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbourne_Estates,_Kentucky=Norbourne Estates, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadowbrook_Farm,_Kentucky=Meadowbrook Farm, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northfield,_Kentucky=Northfield, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mockingbird_Valley,_Kentucky=Mockingbird Valley, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwood,_Kentucky=Norwood, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Brownsboro_Place,_Kentucky=Old Brownsboro Place, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poplar_Hills,_Kentucky=Poplar Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Village,_Kentucky=Plymouth Village, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plantation,_Kentucky=Plantation, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkway_Village,_Kentucky=Parkway Village, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richlawn,_Kentucky=Richlawn, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverwood,_Kentucky=Riverwood, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Fields,_Kentucky=Rolling Fields, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park_View,_Kentucky=South Park View, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Hills,_Kentucky=Rolling Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Mill,_Kentucky=Spring Mill, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seneca_Gardens,_Kentucky=Seneca Gardens, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shively,_Kentucky=Shively, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Valley,_Kentucky=Spring Valley, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springlee,_Kentucky=Springlee, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Regis_Park,_Kentucky=St. Regis Park, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathmoor_Manor,_Kentucky=Strathmoor Manor, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Matthews,_Kentucky=St. Matthews, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sycamore,_Kentucky=Sycamore, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornhill,_Kentucky=Thornhill, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Broeck,_Kentucky=Ten Broeck, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathmoor_Village,_Kentucky=Strathmoor Village, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watterson_Park,_Kentucky=Watterson Park, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington,_Kentucky=Wellington, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Buechel,_Kentucky=West Buechel, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood,_Jefferson_County,_Kentucky=Westwood, Jefferson County, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipps_Millgate,_Kentucky=Whipps Millgate, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood,_Kentucky=Wildwood, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windy_Hills,_Kentucky=Windy Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland_Hills,_Kentucky=Woodland Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington_Hills,_Kentucky=Worthington Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodlawn_Park,_Kentucky=Woodlawn Park, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmore,_Kentucky=Wilmore, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholasville,_Kentucky=Nicholasville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromley,_Kentucky=Bromley, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covington,_Kentucky=Covington, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paintsville,_Kentucky=Paintsville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgewood,_Kentucky=Edgewood, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Springs,_Kentucky=Crescent Springs, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairview,_Kenton_County,_Kentucky=Fairview, Kenton County, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erlanger,_Kentucky=Erlanger, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsmere,_Kentucky=Elsmere, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crestview_Hills,_Kentucky=Crestview Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Mitchell,_Kentucky=Fort Mitchell, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenton_Vale,_Kentucky=Kenton Vale, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Wright,_Kentucky=Fort Wright, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeside_Park,_Kentucky=Lakeside Park, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence,_Kentucky=Independence, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludlow,_Kentucky=Ludlow, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Hills,_Kentucky=Park Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryland_Heights,_Kentucky=Ryland Heights, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Hills,_Kentucky=Villa Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Mill,_Kentucky=Taylor Mill, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindman,_Kentucky=Hindman, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaine,_Kentucky=Blaine, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodgenville,_Kentucky=Hodgenville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbourville,_Kentucky=Barbourville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisa,_Kentucky=Louisa, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippa_Passes,_Kentucky=Pippa Passes, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London,_Kentucky=London, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyden,_Kentucky=Hyden, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackey,_Kentucky=Blackey, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beattyville,_Kentucky=Beattyville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleming-Neon,_Kentucky=Fleming-Neon, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenkins,_Kentucky=Jenkins, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitesburg,_Kentucky=Whitesburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concord,_Kentucky=Concord, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Orchard,_Kentucky=Crab Orchard, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanceburg,_Kentucky=Vanceburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustonville,_Kentucky=Hustonville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrsville,_Kentucky=Carrsville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Rivers,_Kentucky=Grand Rivers, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithland,_Kentucky=Smithland, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Kentucky=Salem, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adairville,_Kentucky=Adairville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford,_Kentucky=Stanford, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Kentucky=Auburn, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisburg,_Kentucky=Lewisburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russellville,_Kentucky=Russellville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddyville,_Kentucky=Eddyville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuttawa,_Kentucky=Kuttawa, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berea,_Kentucky=Berea, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradfordsville,_Kentucky=Bradfordsville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salyersville,_Kentucky=Salyersville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Kentucky=Richmond, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon,_Kentucky=Lebanon, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretto,_Kentucky=Loretto, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raywick,_Kentucky=Raywick, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton,_Kentucky=Benton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardin,_Kentucky=Hardin, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inez,_Kentucky=Inez, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warfield,_Kentucky=Warfield, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover,_Kentucky=Dover, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardis,_Kentucky=Sardis, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maysville,_Kentucky=Maysville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island,_Kentucky=Island, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calhoun,_Kentucky=Calhoun, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livermore,_Kentucky=Livermore, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paducah,_Kentucky=Paducah, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento,_Kentucky=Sacramento, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekron,_Kentucky=Ekron, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandenburg,_Kentucky=Brandenburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frenchburg,_Kentucky=Frenchburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgin,_Kentucky=Burgin, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrodsburg,_Kentucky=Harrodsburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamaliel,_Kentucky=Gamaliel, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountain_Run,_Kentucky=Fountain Run, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton,_Kentucky=Edmonton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camargo,_Kentucky=Camargo, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tompkinsville,_Kentucky=Tompkinsville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mt._Sterling,_Kentucky=Mt. Sterling, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremen,_Kentucky=Bremen, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Liberty,_Kentucky=West Liberty, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffersonville,_Kentucky=Jeffersonville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drakesboro,_Kentucky=Drakesboro, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_City,_Kentucky=Central City, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powderly,_Kentucky=Powderly, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_Kentucky=Greenville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Carrollton,_Kentucky=South Carrollton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Kentucky=Fairfield, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield,_Kentucky=Bloomfield, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Haven,_Kentucky=New Haven, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlisle,_Kentucky=Carlisle, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordsville,_Kentucky=Fordsville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Dam,_Kentucky=Beaver Dam, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardstown,_Kentucky=Bardstown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McHenry,_Kentucky=McHenry, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centertown,_Kentucky=Centertown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockport,_Kentucky=Rockport, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford,_Kentucky=Hartford, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goshen,_Kentucky=Goshen, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crestwood,_Kentucky=Crestwood, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchard_Grass_Hills,_Kentucky=Orchard Grass Hills, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pewee_Valley,_Kentucky=Pewee Valley, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gratz,_Kentucky=Gratz, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grange,_Kentucky=La Grange, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterey,_Kentucky=Monterey, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owenton,_Kentucky=Owenton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Bluff,_Kentucky=River Bluff, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booneville,_Kentucky=Booneville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_Kentucky=Butler, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falmouth,_Kentucky=Falmouth, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckhorn,_Kentucky=Buckhorn, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicco,_Kentucky=Vicco, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Run_Village,_Kentucky=Coal Run Village, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazard,_Kentucky=Hazard, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkhorn_City,_Kentucky=Elkhorn City, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedarville,_Kentucky=Cedarville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton,_Kentucky=Stanton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikeville,_Kentucky=Pikeville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferguson,_Kentucky=Ferguson, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Hill,_Kentucky=Science Hill, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside,_Kentucky=Burnside, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Olivet,_Kentucky=Mount Olivet, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset,_Kentucky=Somerset, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston,_Kentucky=Livingston, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brodhead,_Kentucky=Brodhead, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_Kentucky=Mount Vernon, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeview_Heights,_Kentucky=Lakeview Heights, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morehead,_Kentucky=Morehead, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown,_Kentucky=Jamestown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadieville,_Kentucky=Sadieville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Springs,_Kentucky=Russell Springs, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamping_Ground,_Kentucky=Stamping Ground, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_Kentucky=Georgetown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelbyville,_Kentucky=Shelbyville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylorsville,_Kentucky=Taylorsville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpsonville,_Kentucky=Simpsonville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allensville,_Kentucky=Allensville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Kentucky=Franklin, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkton,_Kentucky=Elkton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbellsville,_Kentucky=Campbellsville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton,_Kentucky=Trenton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guthrie,_Kentucky=Guthrie, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadiz,_Kentucky=Cadiz, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedford,_Kentucky=Bedford, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton,_Kentucky=Milton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morganfield,_Kentucky=Morganfield, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waverly,_Kentucky=Waverly, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturgis,_Kentucky=Sturgis, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniontown,_Kentucky=Uniontown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_Springs,_Kentucky=Plum Springs, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiths_Grove,_Kentucky=Smiths Grove, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackville,_Kentucky=Mackville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodburn,_Kentucky=Woodburn, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willisburg,_Kentucky=Willisburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Kentucky=Springfield, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello,_Kentucky=Monticello, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay,_Kentucky=Clay, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon,_Kentucky=Dixon, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Kentucky=Providence, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland,_Kentucky=Oakland, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebree,_Kentucky=Sebree, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_Green,_Kentucky=Bowling Green, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway,_Kentucky=Midway, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughters,_Kentucky=Slaughters, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheatcroft,_Kentucky=Wheatcroft, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles,_Kentucky=Versailles, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campton,_Kentucky=Campton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamsburg,_Kentucky=Williamsburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bossier_City,_Louisiana=Bossier City, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Charles,_Louisiana=Lake Charles, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidalia,_Louisiana=Vidalia, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Iberia,_Louisiana=New Iberia, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafayette,_Louisiana=Lafayette, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Louisiana=Monroe, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbeville,_Louisiana=Abbeville, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minden,_Louisiana=Minden, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnfield,_Louisiana=Winnfield, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Maine=Auburn, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewiston,_Maine=Lewiston, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribou,_Maine=Caribou, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presque_Isle,_Maine=Presque Isle, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Portland,_Maine=South Portland, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westbrook,_Maine=Westbrook, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth,_Maine=Ellsworth, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardiner,_Maine=Gardiner, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallowell,_Maine=Hallowell, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterville,_Maine=Waterville, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland,_Maine=Rockland, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewer,_Maine=Brewer, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor,_Maine=Bangor, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Town,_Maine=Old Town, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath,_Maine=Bath, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfast,_Maine=Belfast, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastport,_Maine=Eastport, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biddeford,_Maine=Biddeford, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saco,_Maine=Saco, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frostburg,_Maryland=Frostburg, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Maryland=Cumberland, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster,_Maryland=Westminster, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge,_Maryland=Cambridge, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunswick,_Maryland=Brunswick, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen,_Maryland=Aberdeen, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havre_de_Grace,_Maryland=Havre de Grace, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie,_Maryland=Bowie, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/District_Heights,_Maryland=District Heights, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenarden,_Maryland=Glenarden, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbelt,_Maryland=Greenbelt, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyattsville,_Maryland=Hyattsville, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel,_Maryland=Laurel, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rainier,_Maryland=Mount Rainier, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Carrollton,_Maryland=New Carrollton, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seat_Pleasant,_Maryland=Seat Pleasant, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisfield,_Maryland=Crisfield, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easton,_Maryland=Easton, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiederkehr_Village,_Arkansas=Wiederkehr Village, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruitland,_Maryland=Fruitland, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salisbury,_Maryland=Salisbury, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocomoke_City,_Maryland=Pocomoke City, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Adams,_Massachusetts=North Adams, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsfield,_Massachusetts=Pittsfield, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attleboro,_Massachusetts=Attleboro, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_River,_Massachusetts=Fall River, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bedford,_Massachusetts=New Bedford, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taunton,_Massachusetts=Taunton, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly,_Massachusetts=Beverly, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloucester,_Massachusetts=Gloucester, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haverhill,_Massachusetts=Haverhill, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methuen,_Massachusetts=Methuen, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence,_Massachusetts=Lawrence, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newburyport,_Massachusetts=Newburyport, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peabody,_Massachusetts=Peabody, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn,_Massachusetts=Lynn, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Massachusetts=Salem, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agawam,_Massachusetts=Agawam, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holyoke,_Massachusetts=Holyoke, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicopee,_Massachusetts=Chicopee, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield,_Massachusetts=Westfield, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easthampton,_Massachusetts=Easthampton, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northampton,_Massachusetts=Northampton, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett,_Massachusetts=Everett, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Lake_Tahoe,_California=South Lake Tahoe, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malden,_Massachusetts=Malden, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlborough,_Massachusetts=Marlborough, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell,_Massachusetts=Lowell, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose,_Massachusetts=Melrose, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medford,_Massachusetts=Medford, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerville,_Massachusetts=Somerville, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown,_Massachusetts=Watertown, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woburn,_Massachusetts=Woburn, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Massachusetts=Franklin, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brockton,_Massachusetts=Brockton, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy,_Massachusetts=Quincy, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revere,_Massachusetts=Revere, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea,_Massachusetts=Chelsea, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardner,_Massachusetts=Gardner, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitchburg,_Massachusetts=Fitchburg, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leominster,_Massachusetts=Leominster, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisville,_Michigan=Harrisville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munising,_Michigan=Munising, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas,_Michigan=Douglas, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegan,_Michigan=Allegan, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fennville,_Michigan=Fennville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otsego,_Michigan=Otsego, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainwell,_Michigan=Plainwell, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saugatuck,_Michigan=Saugatuck, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayland,_Michigan=Wayland, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpena,_Michigan=Alpena, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_Gres,_Michigan=Au Gres, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omer,_Michigan=Omer, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standish,_Michigan=Standish, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings,_Michigan=Hastings, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Michigan=Auburn, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essexville,_Michigan=Essexville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinconning,_Michigan=Pinconning, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_City,_Michigan=Bay City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfort,_Michigan=Frankfort, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_Harbor,_Michigan=Benton Harbor, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgman,_Michigan=Bridgman, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan,_Michigan=Buchanan, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coloma,_Michigan=Coloma, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Buffalo,_Michigan=New Buffalo, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph,_Michigan=St. Joseph, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watervliet,_Michigan=Watervliet, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronson,_Michigan=Bronson, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldwater,_Michigan=Coldwater, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Michigan=Springfield, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Michigan=Marshall, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dowagiac,_Michigan=Dowagiac, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyne_City,_Michigan=Boyne City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Jordan,_Michigan=East Jordan, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlevoix,_Michigan=Charlevoix, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Hills_Estates,_California=Rolling Hills Estates, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheboygan,_Michigan=Cheboygan, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_Michigan=Harrison, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeWitt,_Michigan=DeWitt, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westlake_Village,_California=Westlake Village, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns,_Michigan=St. Johns, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayling,_Michigan=Grayling, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escanaba,_Michigan=Escanaba, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladstone,_Michigan=Gladstone, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsford,_Michigan=Kingsford, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway,_Michigan=Norway, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Mountain,_Michigan=Iron Mountain, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte,_Michigan=Charlotte, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaton_Rapids,_Michigan=Eaton Rapids, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivet,_Michigan=Olivet, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potterville,_Michigan=Potterville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbor_Springs,_Michigan=Harbor Springs, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petoskey,_Michigan=Petoskey, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton,_Michigan=Burton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clio,_Michigan=Clio, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton,_Michigan=Fenton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davison,_Michigan=Davison, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flushing,_Michigan=Flushing, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Blanc,_Michigan=Grand Blanc, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrose,_Michigan=Montrose, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Morris,_Michigan=Mount Morris, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linden,_Michigan=Linden, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaverton,_Michigan=Beaverton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swartz_Creek,_Michigan=Swartz Creek, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladwin,_Michigan=Gladwin, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessemer,_Michigan=Bessemer, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twentynine_Palms,_California=Twentynine Palms, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironwood,_Michigan=Ironwood, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakefield,_Michigan=Wakefield, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winschoten=Winschoten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma,_Michigan=Alma, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ithaca,_Michigan=Ithaca, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Louis,_Michigan=St. Louis, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsdale,_Michigan=Hillsdale, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonesville,_Michigan=Jonesville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litchfield,_Michigan=Litchfield, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Michigan=Reading, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Axe,_Michigan=Bad Axe, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caseville,_Michigan=Caseville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbor_Beach,_Michigan=Harbor Beach, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie,_Michigan=Leslie, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason,_Michigan=Mason, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamston,_Michigan=Williamston, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belding,_Michigan=Belding, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ionia,_Michigan=Ionia, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Michigan=Portland, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Tawas,_Michigan=East Tawas, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tawas_City,_Michigan=Tawas City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittemore,_Michigan=Whittemore, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspian,_Michigan=Caspian, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Falls,_Michigan=Crystal Falls, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaastra,_Michigan=Gaastra, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_River,_Michigan=Iron River, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stambaugh,_Michigan=Stambaugh, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant,_Michigan=Mount Pleasant, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galesburg,_Michigan=Galesburg, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parchment,_Michigan=Parchment, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage,_Michigan=Portage, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Springs,_Michigan=Cedar Springs, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandville,_Michigan=Grandville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Grand_Rapids,_Michigan=East Grand Rapids, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentwood,_Michigan=Kentwood, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockford,_Michigan=Rockford, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell,_Michigan=Lowell, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker,_Michigan=Walker, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming,_Michigan=Wyoming, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imlay_City,_Michigan=Imlay City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapeer,_Michigan=Lapeer, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian,_Michigan=Adrian, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson,_Michigan=Hudson, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morenci,_Michigan=Morenci, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton,_Michigan=Brighton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howell,_Michigan=Howell, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackinac_Island,_Michigan=Mackinac Island, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ignace,_Michigan=St. Ignace, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_Line,_Michigan=Center Line, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastpointe,_Michigan=Eastpointe, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser,_Michigan=Fraser, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Clemens,_Michigan=Mount Clemens, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Baltimore,_Michigan=New Baltimore, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseville,_Michigan=Roseville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utica,_Michigan=Utica, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Clair_Shores,_Michigan=St. Clair Shores, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Heights,_Michigan=Sterling Heights, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manistee,_Michigan=Manistee, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishpeming,_Michigan=Ishpeming, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negaunee,_Michigan=Negaunee, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottville,_Michigan=Scottville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludington,_Michigan=Ludington, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Rapids,_Michigan=Big Rapids, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menominee,_Michigan=Menominee, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephenson,_Michigan=Stephenson, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman,_Michigan=Coleman, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_City,_Michigan=Lake City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McBain,_Michigan=McBain, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luna_Pier,_Michigan=Luna Pier, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petersburg,_Michigan=Petersburg, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Michigan=Monroe, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_City,_Michigan=Carson City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_Michigan=Greenville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton,_Michigan=Stanton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montague,_Michigan=Montague, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskegon_Heights,_Michigan=Muskegon Heights, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Muskegon,_Michigan=North Muskegon, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Shores,_Michigan=Norton Shores, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_Park,_Michigan=Roosevelt Park, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskegon,_Michigan=Muskegon, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehall,_Michigan=Whitehall, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_Michigan=Fremont, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant,_Michigan=Grant, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newaygo,_Michigan=Newaygo, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Cloud,_Michigan=White Cloud, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn_Hills,_Michigan=Auburn Hills, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkley,_Michigan=Berkley, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham,_Michigan=Birmingham, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield_Hills,_Michigan=Bloomfield Hills, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clawson,_Michigan=Clawson, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmington,_Michigan=Farmington, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmington_Hills,_Michigan=Farmington Hills, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_Woods,_Michigan=Huntington Woods, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_Park,_Michigan=Hazel Park, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Angelus,_Michigan=Lake Angelus, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keego_Harbor,_Michigan=Keego Harbor, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goes=Goes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolsward=Bolsward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneek=Sneek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevenum=Sevenum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susteren=Susteren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ede,_Netherlands=Ede, Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groenlo=Groenlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhenen=Rhenen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geertruidenberg=Geertruidenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lathrup_Village,_Michigan=Lathrup Village, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novi,_Michigan=Novi, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Park,_Michigan=Oak Park, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchard_Lake_Village,_Michigan=Orchard Lake Village, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Ridge,_Michigan=Pleasant Ridge, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester,_Michigan=Rochester, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester_Hills,_Michigan=Rochester Hills, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac,_Michigan=Pontiac, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Oak,_Michigan=Royal Oak, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvan_Lake,_Michigan=Sylvan Lake, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southfield,_Michigan=Southfield, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walled_Lake,_Michigan=Walled Lake, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkston,_Michigan=Clarkston, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_Michigan=Troy, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wixom,_Michigan=Wixom, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart,_Michigan=Hart, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_City,_Michigan=Rose City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Branch,_Michigan=West Branch, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evart,_Michigan=Evart, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_City,_Michigan=Reed City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrysburg,_Michigan=Ferrysburg, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Haven,_Michigan=Grand Haven, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudsonville,_Michigan=Hudsonville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeeland,_Michigan=Zeeland, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onaway,_Michigan=Onaway, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_City,_Michigan=Rogers City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenmuth,_Michigan=Frankenmuth, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zilwaukee,_Michigan=Zilwaukee, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saginaw,_Michigan=Saginaw, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croswell,_Michigan=Croswell, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandusky,_Michigan=Sandusky, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manistique,_Michigan=Manistique, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durand,_Michigan=Durand, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corunna,_Michigan=Corunna, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laingsburg,_Michigan=Laingsburg, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry,_Michigan=Perry, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owosso,_Michigan=Owosso, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algonac,_Michigan=Algonac, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_City,_Michigan=Marine City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marysville,_Michigan=Marysville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Clair,_Michigan=St. Clair, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale,_Michigan=Yale, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Huron,_Michigan=Port Huron, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturgis,_Michigan=Sturgis, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caro,_Michigan=Caro, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vassar,_Michigan=Vassar, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor,_Michigan=Bangor, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gobles,_Michigan=Gobles, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford,_Michigan=Hartford, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea,_Michigan=Chelsea, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter,_Michigan=Dexter, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saline,_Michigan=Saline, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Park,_Michigan=Allen Park, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleville,_Michigan=Belleville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dearborn_Heights,_Michigan=Dearborn Heights, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecorse,_Michigan=Ecorse, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibraltar,_Michigan=Gibraltar, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dearborn,_Michigan=Dearborn, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_City,_Michigan=Garden City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_Rock,_Michigan=Flat Rock, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Pointe,_Michigan=Grosse Pointe, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Pointe_Farms,_Michigan=Grosse Pointe Farms, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Pointe_Park,_Michigan=Grosse Pointe Park, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Pointe_Woods,_Michigan=Grosse Pointe Woods, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Park,_Michigan=Highland Park, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamtramck,_Michigan=Hamtramck, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvindale,_Michigan=Melvindale, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkster,_Michigan=Inkster, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth,_Michigan=Plymouth, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor,_Michigan=Taylor, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romulus,_Michigan=Romulus, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Rouge,_Michigan=River Rouge, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverview,_Michigan=Riverview, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwood,_Michigan=Rockwood, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton,_Michigan=Trenton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodhaven,_Michigan=Woodhaven, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne,_Michigan=Wayne, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southgate,_Michigan=Southgate, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westland,_Michigan=Westland, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manton,_Michigan=Manton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aitkin,_Minnesota=Aitkin, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_City,_Minnesota=Hill City, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGregor,_Minnesota=McGregor, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGrath,_Minnesota=McGrath, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palisade,_Minnesota=Palisade, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamarack,_Minnesota=Tamarack, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andover,_Minnesota=Andover, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethel,_Minnesota=Bethel, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anoka,_Minnesota=Anoka, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Bethel,_Minnesota=East Bethel, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Minnesota=Columbus, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowthen,_Minnesota=Nowthen, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_Pines,_Minnesota=Circle Pines, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Heights,_Minnesota=Columbia Heights, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ham_Lake,_Minnesota=Ham Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fridley,_Minnesota=Fridley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Grove,_Minnesota=Oak Grove, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilltop,_Minnesota=Hilltop, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Minnesota=Lexington, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsey,_Minnesota=Ramsey, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lino_Lakes,_Minnesota=Lino Lakes, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callaway,_Minnesota=Callaway, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audubon,_Minnesota=Audubon, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frazee,_Minnesota=Frazee, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Lakes,_Minnesota=Detroit Lakes, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Park,_Minnesota=Lake Park, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogema,_Minnesota=Ogema, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Lake,_Minnesota=Wolf Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackduck,_Minnesota=Blackduck, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funkley,_Minnesota=Funkley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bemidji,_Minnesota=Bemidji, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelliher,_Minnesota=Kelliher, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solway,_Minnesota=Solway, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenstrike,_Minnesota=Tenstrike, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_River,_Minnesota=Turtle River, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilton,_Minnesota=Wilton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foley,_Minnesota=Foley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilman,_Minnesota=Gilman, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice,_Minnesota=Rice, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beardsley,_Minnesota=Beardsley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Minnesota=Clinton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry,_Minnesota=Barry, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Correll,_Minnesota=Correll, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graceville,_Minnesota=Graceville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson,_Minnesota=Johnson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amboy,_Minnesota=Amboy, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa,_Minnesota=Odessa, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Thunder,_Minnesota=Good Thunder, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Lake,_Minnesota=Eagle Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Crystal,_Minnesota=Lake Crystal, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemberton,_Minnesota=Pemberton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Lake,_Minnesota=Madison Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapleton,_Minnesota=Mapleton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyline,_Minnesota=Skyline, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Clair,_Minnesota=St. Clair, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Center,_Minnesota=Vernon Center, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan,_Minnesota=Evan, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanska,_Minnesota=Hanska, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Ulm,_Minnesota=New Ulm, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepy_Eye,_Minnesota=Sleepy Eye, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnum,_Minnesota=Barnum, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton,_Minnesota=Carlton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cromwell,_Minnesota=Cromwell, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloquet,_Minnesota=Cloquet, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kettle_River,_Minnesota=Kettle River, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moose_Lake,_Minnesota=Moose Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scanlon,_Minnesota=Scanlon, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson,_Minnesota=Thomson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrenshall,_Minnesota=Wrenshall, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright,_Minnesota=Wright, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carver,_Minnesota=Carver, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne,_Minnesota=Cologne, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg,_Minnesota=Hamburg, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayer,_Minnesota=Mayer, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwood_Young_America,_Minnesota=Norwood Young America, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaska,_Minnesota=Chaska, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria,_Minnesota=Victoria, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waconia,_Minnesota=Waconia, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backus,_Minnesota=Backus, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown,_Minnesota=Watertown, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_River,_Minnesota=Boy River, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cass_Lake,_Minnesota=Cass Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Gull_Lake,_Minnesota=East Gull Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackensack,_Minnesota=Hackensack, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickamaw_Beach,_Minnesota=Chickamaw Beach, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Shore,_Minnesota=Lake Shore, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longville,_Minnesota=Longville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillager,_Minnesota=Pillager, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_River,_Minnesota=Pine River, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remer,_Minnesota=Remer, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_City,_Minnesota=Clara City, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maynard,_Minnesota=Maynard, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan,_Minnesota=Milan, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevideo,_Minnesota=Montevideo, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson,_Minnesota=Watson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindstrom,_Minnesota=Lindstrom, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisago_City,_Minnesota=Chisago City, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris,_Minnesota=Harris, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shafer,_Minnesota=Shafer, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Branch,_Minnesota=North Branch, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_City,_Minnesota=Rush City, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy,_Minnesota=Stacy, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylors_Falls,_Minnesota=Taylors Falls, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming,_Minnesota=Wyoming, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comstock,_Minnesota=Comstock, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilworth,_Minnesota=Dilworth, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felton,_Minnesota=Felton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glyndon,_Minnesota=Glyndon, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_Minnesota=Georgetown, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawley,_Minnesota=Hawley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitterdal,_Minnesota=Hitterdal, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorhead,_Minnesota=Moorhead, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabin,_Minnesota=Sabin, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulen,_Minnesota=Ulen, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagley,_Minnesota=Bagley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearbrook,_Minnesota=Clearbrook, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonvick,_Minnesota=Gonvick, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard,_Minnesota=Leonard, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shevlin,_Minnesota=Shevlin, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Marais,_Minnesota=Grand Marais, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingham_Lake,_Minnesota=Bingham Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffers,_Minnesota=Jeffers, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Lake,_Minnesota=Mountain Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storden,_Minnesota=Storden, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westbrook,_Minnesota=Westbrook, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baxter,_Minnesota=Baxter, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windom,_Minnesota=Windom, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosslake,_Minnesota=Crosslake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosby,_Minnesota=Crosby, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breezy_Point,_Minnesota=Breezy Point, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainerd,_Minnesota=Brainerd, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuyuna,_Minnesota=Cuyuna, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deerwood,_Minnesota=Deerwood, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily,_Minnesota=Emily, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ripley,_Minnesota=Fort Ripley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrison,_Minnesota=Garrison, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenkins,_Minnesota=Jenkins, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironton,_Minnesota=Ironton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Beach,_Minnesota=Manhattan Beach, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisswa,_Minnesota=Nisswa, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pequot_Lakes,_Minnesota=Pequot Lakes, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverton,_Minnesota=Riverton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trommald,_Minnesota=Trommald, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Valley,_Minnesota=Apple Valley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coates,_Minnesota=Coates, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmington,_Minnesota=Farmington, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton,_Minnesota=Hampton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnsville,_Minnesota=Burnsville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilydale,_Minnesota=Lilydale, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inver_Grove_Heights,_Minnesota=Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeville,_Minnesota=Lakeville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendota_Heights,_Minnesota=Mendota Heights, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Trier,_Minnesota=New Trier, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph,_Minnesota=Randolph, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miesville,_Minnesota=Miesville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendota,_Minnesota=Mendota, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemount,_Minnesota=Rosemount, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunfish_Lake,_Minnesota=Sunfish Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermillion,_Minnesota=Vermillion, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_St._Paul,_Minnesota=West St. Paul, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_St._Paul,_Minnesota=South St. Paul, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claremont,_Minnesota=Claremont, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_Center,_Minnesota=Dodge Center, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayfield,_Minnesota=Hayfield, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasson,_Minnesota=Kasson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Concord,_Minnesota=West Concord, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria,_Minnesota=Alexandria, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon,_Minnesota=Brandon, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos,_Minnesota=Carlos, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evansville,_Minnesota=Evansville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forada,_Minnesota=Forada, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield,_Minnesota=Garfield, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensington,_Minnesota=Kensington, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson,_Minnesota=Nelson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miltona,_Minnesota=Miltona, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bricelyn,_Minnesota=Bricelyn, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delavan,_Minnesota=Delavan, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Earth,_Minnesota=Blue Earth, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easton,_Minnesota=Easton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmore,_Minnesota=Elmore, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiester,_Minnesota=Kiester, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost,_Minnesota=Frost, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walters,_Minnesota=Walters, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells,_Minnesota=Wells, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnebago,_Minnesota=Winnebago, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton,_Minnesota=Canton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountain,_Minnesota=Fountain, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony,_Minnesota=Harmony, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel,_Minnesota=Mabel, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterson,_Minnesota=Peterson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanesboro,_Minnesota=Lanesboro, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrander,_Minnesota=Ostrander, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston,_Minnesota=Preston, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushford_Village,_Minnesota=Rushford Village, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushford,_Minnesota=Rushford, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whalan,_Minnesota=Whalan, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Valley,_Minnesota=Spring Valley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alden,_Minnesota=Alden, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wykoff,_Minnesota=Wykoff, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conger,_Minnesota=Conger, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmons,_Minnesota=Emmons, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Lea,_Minnesota=Albert Lea, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva,_Minnesota=Geneva, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarks_Grove,_Minnesota=Clarks Grove, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenville,_Minnesota=Glenville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayward,_Minnesota=Hayward, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeborn,_Minnesota=Freeborn, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollandale,_Minnesota=Hollandale, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartland,_Minnesota=Hartland, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_Minnesota=Manchester, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrtle,_Minnesota=Myrtle, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Lakes,_Minnesota=Twin Lakes, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_Falls,_Minnesota=Cannon Falls, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodhue,_Minnesota=Goodhue, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenyon,_Minnesota=Kenyon, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Wing,_Minnesota=Red Wing, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanamingo,_Minnesota=Wanamingo, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zumbrota,_Minnesota=Zumbrota, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrett,_Minnesota=Barrett, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashby,_Minnesota=Ashby, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffman,_Minnesota=Hoffman, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norcross,_Minnesota=Norcross, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendell,_Minnesota=Wendell, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Center,_Minnesota=Brooklyn Center, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Park,_Minnesota=Brooklyn Park, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champlin,_Minnesota=Champlin, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corcoran,_Minnesota=Corcoran, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal,_Minnesota=Crystal, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deephaven,_Minnesota=Deephaven, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Prairie,_Minnesota=Eden Prairie, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excelsior,_Minnesota=Excelsior, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Valley,_Minnesota=Golden Valley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edina,_Minnesota=Edina, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenfield,_Minnesota=Greenfield, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood,_Minnesota=Greenwood, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence,_Minnesota=Independence, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopkins,_Minnesota=Hopkins, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretto,_Minnesota=Loretto, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Lake,_Minnesota=Long Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Lake,_Minnesota=Medicine Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Plain,_Minnesota=Maple Plain, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnetonka_Beach,_Minnesota=Minnetonka Beach, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medina,_Minnesota=Medina, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hope,_Minnesota=New Hope, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mound,_Minnesota=Mound, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnetrista,_Minnesota=Minnetrista, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnetonka,_Minnesota=Minnetonka, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osseo,_Minnesota=Osseo, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth,_Minnesota=Plymouth, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonka_Bay,_Minnesota=Tonka Bay, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorewood,_Minnesota=Shorewood, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland,_Minnesota=Woodland, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richfield,_Minnesota=Richfield, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayzata,_Minnesota=Wayzata, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caledonia,_Minnesota=Caledonia, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eitzen,_Minnesota=Eitzen, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokah,_Minnesota=Hokah, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston,_Minnesota=Houston, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Grove,_Minnesota=Spring Grove, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akeley,_Minnesota=Akeley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laporte,_Minnesota=Laporte, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevis,_Minnesota=Nevis, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isanti,_Minnesota=Isanti, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge,_Minnesota=Cambridge, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigfork,_Minnesota=Bigfork, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bovey,_Minnesota=Bovey, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calumet,_Minnesota=Calumet, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cohasset,_Minnesota=Cohasset, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleraine,_Minnesota=Coleraine, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_River,_Minnesota=Deer River, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effie,_Minnesota=Effie, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Rapids,_Minnesota=Grand Rapids, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Prairie,_Minnesota=La Prairie, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keewatin,_Minnesota=Keewatin, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble,_Minnesota=Marble, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashwauk,_Minnesota=Nashwauk, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squaw_Lake,_Minnesota=Squaw Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taconite,_Minnesota=Taconite, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warba,_Minnesota=Warba, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha,_Minnesota=Alpha, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zemple,_Minnesota=Zemple, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heron_Lake,_Minnesota=Heron Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Minnesota=Jackson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakefield,_Minnesota=Lakefield, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okabena,_Minnesota=Okabena, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilder,_Minnesota=Wilder, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grasston,_Minnesota=Grasston, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogilvie,_Minnesota=Ogilvie, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mora,_Minnesota=Mora, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quamba,_Minnesota=Quamba, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atwater,_Minnesota=Atwater, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blomkest,_Minnesota=Blomkest, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Lillian,_Minnesota=Lake Lillian, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_London,_Minnesota=New London, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennock,_Minnesota=Pennock, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond,_Minnesota=Raymond, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal,_Minnesota=Regal, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prinsburg,_Minnesota=Prinsburg, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandiyohi,_Minnesota=Kandiyohi, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spicer,_Minnesota=Spicer, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunburg,_Minnesota=Sunburg, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willmar,_Minnesota=Willmar, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donaldson,_Minnesota=Donaldson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallock,_Minnesota=Hallock, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halma,_Minnesota=Halma, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt,_Minnesota=Humboldt, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlstad,_Minnesota=Karlstad, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennedy,_Minnesota=Kennedy, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Minnesota=Lancaster, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Bronson,_Minnesota=Lake Bronson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Falls,_Minnesota=Big Falls, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent,_Minnesota=St. Vincent, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Falls,_Minnesota=International Falls, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littlefork,_Minnesota=Littlefork, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranier,_Minnesota=Ranier, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northome,_Minnesota=Northome, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyd,_Minnesota=Boyd, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizpah,_Minnesota=Mizpah, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellingham,_Minnesota=Bellingham, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson,_Minnesota=Dawson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisburg,_Minnesota=Louisburg, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Minnesota=Madison, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marietta,_Minnesota=Marietta, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nassau,_Minnesota=Nassau, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Bay,_Minnesota=Beaver Bay, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Bay,_Minnesota=Silver Bay, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baudette,_Minnesota=Baudette, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams,_Minnesota=Williams, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland,_Minnesota=Cleveland, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg,_Minnesota=Heidelberg, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilkenny,_Minnesota=Kilkenny, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasota,_Minnesota=Kasota, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Center,_Minnesota=Le Center, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery,_Minnesota=Montgomery, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterville,_Minnesota=Waterville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arco,_Minnesota=Arco, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendricks,_Minnesota=Hendricks, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanhoe,_Minnesota=Ivanhoe, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler,_Minnesota=Tyler, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balaton,_Minnesota=Balaton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence,_Minnesota=Florence, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood,_Minnesota=Cottonwood, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garvin,_Minnesota=Garvin, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent,_Minnesota=Ghent, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynd,_Minnesota=Lynd, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Minnesota=Marshall, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneota,_Minnesota=Minneota, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell,_Minnesota=Russell, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taunton,_Minnesota=Taunton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bejou,_Minnesota=Bejou, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahnomen,_Minnesota=Mahnomen, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waubun,_Minnesota=Waubun, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argyle,_Minnesota=Argyle, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvarado,_Minnesota=Alvarado, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grygla,_Minnesota=Grygla, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holt,_Minnesota=Holt, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_River,_Minnesota=Middle River, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newfolden,_Minnesota=Newfolden, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo,_Minnesota=Oslo, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen,_Minnesota=Stephen, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking,_Minnesota=Viking, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren,_Minnesota=Warren, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceylon,_Minnesota=Ceylon, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunnell,_Minnesota=Dunnell, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmont,_Minnesota=Fairmont, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granada,_Minnesota=Granada, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northrop,_Minnesota=Northrop, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherburn,_Minnesota=Sherburn, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trimont,_Minnesota=Trimont, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truman,_Minnesota=Truman, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome,_Minnesota=Welcome, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biscay,_Minnesota=Biscay, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownton,_Minnesota=Brownton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glencoe,_Minnesota=Glencoe, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchinson,_Minnesota=Hutchinson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Prairie,_Minnesota=Lester Prairie, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plato,_Minnesota=Plato, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart,_Minnesota=Stewart, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winsted,_Minnesota=Winsted, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos,_Minnesota=Cosmos, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin,_Minnesota=Darwin, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dassel,_Minnesota=Dassel, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grove_City,_Minnesota=Grove City, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Minnesota=Kingston, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litchfield,_Minnesota=Litchfield, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bock,_Minnesota=Bock, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watkins,_Minnesota=Watkins, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreston,_Minnesota=Foreston, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle,_Minnesota=Isle, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milaca,_Minnesota=Milaca, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onamia,_Minnesota=Onamia, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pease,_Minnesota=Pease, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahkon,_Minnesota=Wahkon, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowlus,_Minnesota=Bowlus, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckman,_Minnesota=Buckman, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flensburg,_Minnesota=Flensburg, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmdale,_Minnesota=Elmdale, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillman,_Minnesota=Hillman, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harding,_Minnesota=Harding, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lastrup,_Minnesota=Lastrup, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierz,_Minnesota=Pierz, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Falls,_Minnesota=Little Falls, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall,_Minnesota=Randall, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swanville,_Minnesota=Swanville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobieski,_Minnesota=Sobieski, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams,_Minnesota=Adams, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsdale,_Minnesota=Brownsdale, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upsala,_Minnesota=Upsala, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Minnesota=Austin, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Meadow,_Minnesota=Grand Meadow, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter,_Minnesota=Dexter, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Roy,_Minnesota=Le Roy, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapleview,_Minnesota=Mapleview, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyle,_Minnesota=Lyle, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racine,_Minnesota=Racine, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taopi,_Minnesota=Taopi, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargeant,_Minnesota=Sargeant, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltham,_Minnesota=Waltham, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Creek,_Minnesota=Rose Creek, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avoca,_Minnesota=Avoca, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler,_Minnesota=Chandler, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dovray,_Minnesota=Dovray, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadley,_Minnesota=Hadley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Currie,_Minnesota=Currie, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulda,_Minnesota=Fulda, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iona,_Minnesota=Iona, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slayton,_Minnesota=Slayton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtland,_Minnesota=Courtland, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafayette,_Minnesota=Lafayette, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicollet,_Minnesota=Nicollet, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigelow,_Minnesota=Bigelow, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster,_Minnesota=Brewster, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Peter,_Minnesota=St. Peter, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundee,_Minnesota=Dundee, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian,_Minnesota=Adrian, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth,_Minnesota=Ellsworth, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinbrae,_Minnesota=Kinbrae, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lismore,_Minnesota=Lismore, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushmore,_Minnesota=Rushmore, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Lake,_Minnesota=Round Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmont,_Minnesota=Wilmont, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borup,_Minnesota=Borup, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada,_Minnesota=Ada, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary,_Minnesota=Gary, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrum,_Minnesota=Hendrum, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halstad,_Minnesota=Halstad, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perley,_Minnesota=Perley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelly,_Minnesota=Shelly, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron,_Minnesota=Byron, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover,_Minnesota=Dover, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyota,_Minnesota=Eyota, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oronoco,_Minnesota=Oronoco, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewartville,_Minnesota=Stewartville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester,_Minnesota=Rochester, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluffton,_Minnesota=Bluffton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton,_Minnesota=Dalton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clitherall,_Minnesota=Clitherall, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dent,_Minnesota=Dent, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Creek,_Minnesota=Deer Creek, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth,_Minnesota=Elizabeth, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erhard,_Minnesota=Erhard, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_Falls,_Minnesota=Fergus Falls, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Mills,_Minnesota=New York Mills, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottertail,_Minnesota=Ottertail, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoonhoven=Schoonhoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkers_Prairie,_Minnesota=Parkers Prairie, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican_Rapids,_Minnesota=Pelican Rapids, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perham,_Minnesota=Perham, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richville,_Minnesota=Richville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbank,_Minnesota=Urbank, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underwood,_Minnesota=Underwood, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vergas,_Minnesota=Vergas, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vining,_Minnesota=Vining, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodridge,_Minnesota=Goodridge, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Askov,_Minnesota=Askov, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thief_River_Falls,_Minnesota=Thief River Falls, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brook_Park,_Minnesota=Brook Park, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno,_Minnesota=Bruno, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denham,_Minnesota=Denham, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henriette,_Minnesota=Henriette, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinckley,_Minnesota=Hinckley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerrick,_Minnesota=Kerrick, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finlayson,_Minnesota=Finlayson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_City,_Minnesota=Pine City, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutledge,_Minnesota=Rutledge, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Creek,_Minnesota=Rock Creek, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturgeon_Lake,_Minnesota=Sturgeon Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandstone,_Minnesota=Sandstone, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_River,_Minnesota=Willow River, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Minnesota=Holland, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatfield,_Minnesota=Hatfield, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ihlen,_Minnesota=Ihlen, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgerton,_Minnesota=Edgerton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipestone,_Minnesota=Pipestone, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trosky,_Minnesota=Trosky, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthton,_Minnesota=Ruthton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock,_Minnesota=Woodstock, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beltrami,_Minnesota=Beltrami, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climax,_Minnesota=Climax, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crookston,_Minnesota=Crookston, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Grand_Forks,_Minnesota=East Grand Forks, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erskine,_Minnesota=Erskine, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher,_Minnesota=Fisher, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fertile,_Minnesota=Fertile, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fosston,_Minnesota=Fosston, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gully,_Minnesota=Gully, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lengby,_Minnesota=Lengby, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentor,_Minnesota=Mentor, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McIntosh,_Minnesota=McIntosh, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nielsville,_Minnesota=Nielsville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail,_Minnesota=Trail, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winger,_Minnesota=Winger, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farwell,_Minnesota=Farwell, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus,_Minnesota=Cyrus, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenwood,_Minnesota=Glenwood, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowry,_Minnesota=Lowry, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach,_Minnesota=Long Beach, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbuck,_Minnesota=Starbuck, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedan,_Minnesota=Sedan, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villard,_Minnesota=Villard, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westport,_Minnesota=Westport, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gem_Lake,_Minnesota=Gem Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Canada,_Minnesota=Little Canada, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maplewood,_Minnesota=Maplewood, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauderdale,_Minnesota=Lauderdale, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Oaks,_Minnesota=North Oaks, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_St._Paul,_Minnesota=North St. Paul, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brighton,_Minnesota=New Brighton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoreview,_Minnesota=Shoreview, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseville,_Minnesota=Roseville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks,_Minnesota=Brooks, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadnais_Heights,_Minnesota=Vadnais Heights, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklee,_Minnesota=Oklee, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plummer,_Minnesota=Plummer, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements,_Minnesota=Clements, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belview,_Minnesota=Belview, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi,_Minnesota=Delhi, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamberton,_Minnesota=Lamberton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucan,_Minnesota=Lucan, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Lake_Falls,_Minnesota=Red Lake Falls, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milroy,_Minnesota=Milroy, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan,_Minnesota=Morgan, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revere,_Minnesota=Revere, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaforth,_Minnesota=Seaforth, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanborn,_Minnesota=Sanborn, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vesta,_Minnesota=Vesta, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda,_Minnesota=Wanda, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabasso,_Minnesota=Wabasso, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Grove,_Minnesota=Walnut Grove, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Lake,_Minnesota=Buffalo Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danube,_Minnesota=Danube, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax,_Minnesota=Fairfax, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Minnesota=Franklin, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector,_Minnesota=Hector, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton,_Minnesota=Morton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Heart,_Minnesota=Sacred Heart, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renville,_Minnesota=Renville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia,_Minnesota=Olivia, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundas,_Minnesota=Dundas, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morristown,_Minnesota=Morristown, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonsdale,_Minnesota=Lonsdale, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faribault,_Minnesota=Faribault, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerstrand,_Minnesota=Nerstrand, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Creek,_Minnesota=Beaver Creek, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardwick,_Minnesota=Hardwick, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hills,_Minnesota=Hills, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth,_Minnesota=Kenneth, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luverne,_Minnesota=Luverne, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbush,_Minnesota=Greenbush, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steen,_Minnesota=Steen, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseau,_Minnesota=Roseau, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathcona,_Minnesota=Strathcona, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warroad,_Minnesota=Warroad, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Plaine,_Minnesota=Belle Plaine, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan,_Minnesota=Jordan, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prior_Lake,_Minnesota=Prior Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage,_Minnesota=Savage, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becker,_Minnesota=Becker, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Lake,_Minnesota=Big Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Lake,_Minnesota=Clear Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_River,_Minnesota=Elk River, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimmerman,_Minnesota=Zimmerman, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington,_Minnesota=Arlington, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaylord,_Minnesota=Gaylord, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibbon,_Minnesota=Gibbon, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Isle,_Minnesota=Green Isle, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson,_Minnesota=Henderson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Auburn,_Minnesota=New Auburn, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winthrop,_Minnesota=Winthrop, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Minnesota=Aurora, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babbitt,_Minnesota=Babbitt, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biwabik,_Minnesota=Biwabik, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookston,_Minnesota=Brookston, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhl,_Minnesota=Buhl, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook,_Minnesota=Cook, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisholm,_Minnesota=Chisholm, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ely,_Minnesota=Ely, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eveleth,_Minnesota=Eveleth, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert,_Minnesota=Gilbert, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floodwood,_Minnesota=Floodwood, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoyt_Lakes,_Minnesota=Hoyt Lakes, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Junction,_Minnesota=Iron Junction, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hibbing,_Minnesota=Hibbing, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinney,_Minnesota=Kinney, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonidas,_Minnesota=Leonidas, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermantown,_Minnesota=Hermantown, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinley,_St._Louis_County,_Minnesota=McKinley, St. Louis County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Iron,_Minnesota=Mountain Iron, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orr,_Minnesota=Orr, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proctor,_Minnesota=Proctor, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower,_Minnesota=Tower, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia,_Minnesota=Virginia, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winton,_Minnesota=Winton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_Minnesota=Albany, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon,_Minnesota=Avon, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgrade,_Minnesota=Belgrade, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elrosa,_Minnesota=Elrosa, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeport,_Minnesota=Freeport, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwald,_Minnesota=Greenwald, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimball,_Minnesota=Kimball, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Henry,_Minnesota=Lake Henry, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose,_Minnesota=Melrose, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Munich,_Minnesota=New Munich, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockville,_Minnesota=Rockville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscoe,_Minnesota=Roscoe, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph,_Minnesota=St. Joseph, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Martin,_Minnesota=St. Martin, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Rosa,_Minnesota=St. Rosa, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Minnesota=Richmond, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waite_Park,_Minnesota=Waite Park, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellendale,_Minnesota=Ellendale, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medford,_Minnesota=Medford, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owatonna,_Minnesota=Owatonna, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta,_Minnesota=Alberta, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnelly,_Minnesota=Donnelly, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock,_Minnesota=Hancock, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chokio,_Minnesota=Chokio, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris,_Minnesota=Morris, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleton,_Minnesota=Appleton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benson,_Minnesota=Benson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clontarf,_Minnesota=Clontarf, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danvers,_Minnesota=Danvers, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Graff,_Minnesota=De Graff, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerkhoven,_Minnesota=Kerkhoven, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holloway,_Minnesota=Holloway, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdock,_Minnesota=Murdock, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertha,_Minnesota=Bertha, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browerville,_Minnesota=Browerville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarissa,_Minnesota=Clarissa, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Bend,_Minnesota=Eagle Bend, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burtrum,_Minnesota=Burtrum, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Eagle,_Minnesota=Grey Eagle, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewitt,_Minnesota=Hewitt, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Prairie,_Minnesota=Long Prairie, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Union,_Minnesota=West Union, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumont,_Minnesota=Dumont, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browns_Valley,_Minnesota=Browns Valley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintah,_Minnesota=Tintah, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheaton,_Minnesota=Wheaton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin,_Minnesota=Elgin, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammond,_Minnesota=Hammond, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg,_Minnesota=Kellogg, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millville,_Minnesota=Millville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazeppa,_Minnesota=Mazeppa, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainview,_Minnesota=Plainview, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabasha,_Minnesota=Wabasha, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zumbro_Falls,_Minnesota=Zumbro Falls, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldrich,_Minnesota=Aldrich, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimrod,_Minnesota=Nimrod, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menahga,_Minnesota=Menahga, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebeka,_Minnesota=Sebeka, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verndale,_Minnesota=Verndale, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janesville,_Minnesota=Janesville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Richland,_Minnesota=New Richland, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waseca,_Minnesota=Waseca, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afton,_Minnesota=Afton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldorf,_Minnesota=Waldorf, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayport,_Minnesota=Bayport, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birchwood_Village,_Minnesota=Birchwood Village, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottage_Grove,_Minnesota=Cottage Grove, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dellwood,_Minnesota=Dellwood, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant,_Minnesota=Grant, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo,_Minnesota=Hugo, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Elmo,_Minnesota=Lake Elmo, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_St._Croix_Beach,_Minnesota=Lake St. Croix Beach, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland,_Minnesota=Lakeland, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland_Shores,_Minnesota=Lakeland Shores, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landfall,_Minnesota=Landfall, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahtomedi,_Minnesota=Mahtomedi, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_on_St._Croix,_Minnesota=Marine on St. Croix, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Minnesota=Newport, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandia,_Minnesota=Scandia, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Park_Heights,_Minnesota=Oak Park Heights, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakdale,_Minnesota=Oakdale, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Springs,_Minnesota=Pine Springs, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul_Park,_Minnesota=St. Paul Park, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Marys_Point,_Minnesota=St. Marys Point, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stillwater,_Minnesota=Stillwater, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willernie,_Minnesota=Willernie, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbury,_Minnesota=Woodbury, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darfur,_Minnesota=Darfur, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Salle,_Minnesota=La Salle, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisville,_Minnesota=Lewisville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madelia,_Minnesota=Madelia, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odin,_Minnesota=Odin, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James,_Minnesota=St. James, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breckenridge,_Minnesota=Breckenridge, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell,_Minnesota=Campbell, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxhome,_Minnesota=Foxhome, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent,_Minnesota=Kent, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doran,_Minnesota=Doran, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashua,_Minnesota=Nashua, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolverton,_Minnesota=Wolverton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakota,_Minnesota=Dakota, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altura,_Minnesota=Altura, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elba,_Minnesota=Elba, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodview,_Minnesota=Goodview, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewiston,_Minnesota=Lewiston, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_City,_Minnesota=Minnesota City, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollingstone,_Minnesota=Rollingstone, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utica,_Minnesota=Utica, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton,_Minnesota=Stockton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albertville,_Minnesota=Albertville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annandale,_Minnesota=Annandale, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_Minnesota=Buffalo, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona,_Minnesota=Winona, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delano,_Minnesota=Delano, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cokato,_Minnesota=Cokato, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Lake,_Minnesota=Maple Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello,_Minnesota=Monticello, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrose,_Minnesota=Montrose, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otsego,_Minnesota=Otsego, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Michael,_Minnesota=St. Michael, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waverly,_Minnesota=Waverly, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo,_Minnesota=Echo, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canby,_Minnesota=Canby, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkfield,_Minnesota=Clarkfield, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanley_Falls,_Minnesota=Hanley Falls, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_Run,_Minnesota=Hazel Run, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porter,_Minnesota=Porter, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Leo,_Minnesota=St. Leo, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_Lake,_Minnesota=Wood Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corinth,_Mississippi=Corinth, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natchez,_Mississippi=Natchez, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mound_Bayou,_Mississippi=Mound Bayou, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosedale,_Mississippi=Rosedale, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby,_Mississippi=Shelby, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston,_Mississippi=Houston, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okolona,_Mississippi=Okolona, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quitman,_Mississippi=Quitman, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Gibson,_Mississippi=Port Gibson, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Point,_Mississippi=West Point, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Springs,_Mississippi=Crystal Springs, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarksdale,_Mississippi=Clarksdale, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins,_Mississippi=Collins, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazlehurst,_Mississippi=Hazlehurst, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernando,_Mississippi=Hernando, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petal,_Mississippi=Petal, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucedale,_Mississippi=Lucedale, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Branch,_Mississippi=Olive Branch, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_St._Louis,_Mississippi=Bay St. Louis, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenada,_Mississippi=Grenada, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamondhead,_Mississippi=Diamondhead, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'Iberville,_Mississippi=D'Iberville, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waveland,_Mississippi=Waveland, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biloxi,_Mississippi=Biloxi, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulfport,_Mississippi=Gulfport, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach,_Mississippi=Long Beach, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byram,_Mississippi=Byram, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_Christian,_Mississippi=Pass Christian, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond,_Mississippi=Raymond, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Mississippi=Clinton, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Mississippi=Lexington, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durant,_Mississippi=Durant, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belzoni,_Mississippi=Belzoni, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton,_Mississippi=Fulton, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gautier,_Mississippi=Gautier, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Point,_Mississippi=Moss Point, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Springs,_Mississippi=Bay Springs, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Springs,_Mississippi=Ocean Springs, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayette,_Mississippi=Fayette, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel,_Mississippi=Laurel, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellisville,_Mississippi=Ellisville, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford,_Mississippi=Oxford, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purvis,_Mississippi=Purvis, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carthage,_Mississippi=Carthage, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona,_Mississippi=Verona, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itta_Bena,_Mississippi=Itta Bena, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupelo,_Mississippi=Tupelo, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Mississippi=Columbus, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia,_Mississippi=Columbia, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton,_Mississippi=Canton, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Springs,_Mississippi=Holly Springs, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen,_Mississippi=Aberdeen, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Mississippi=Madison, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amory,_Mississippi=Amory, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgeland,_Mississippi=Ridgeland, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_Mississippi=Newton, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia,_Mississippi=Philadelphia, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon,_Mississippi=Macon, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batesville,_Mississippi=Batesville, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poplarville,_Mississippi=Poplarville, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starkville,_Mississippi=Starkville, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picayune,_Mississippi=Picayune, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia,_Mississippi=Magnolia, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McComb,_Mississippi=McComb, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontotoc,_Mississippi=Pontotoc, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booneville,_Mississippi=Booneville, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marks,_Mississippi=Marks, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowood,_Mississippi=Flowood, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richland,_Mississippi=Richland, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest,_Mississippi=Forest, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton,_Mississippi=Morton, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl,_Mississippi=Pearl, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Fork,_Mississippi=Rolling Fork, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magee,_Mississippi=Magee, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendenhall,_Mississippi=Mendenhall, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston,_Mississippi=Charleston, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew,_Mississippi=Drew, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiggins,_Mississippi=Wiggins, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorhead,_Mississippi=Moorhead, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senatobia,_Mississippi=Senatobia, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley,_Mississippi=Ripley, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iuka,_Mississippi=Iuka, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Albany,_Mississippi=New Albany, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollandale,_Mississippi=Hollandale, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leland,_Mississippi=Leland, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Mississippi=Louisville, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waynesboro,_Mississippi=Waynesboro, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_Mississippi=Greenville, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicksburg,_Mississippi=Vicksburg, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazoo_City,_Mississippi=Yazoo City, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brashear,_Missouri=Brashear, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolckow,_Missouri=Bolckow, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirksville,_Missouri=Kirksville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fillmore,_Missouri=Fillmore, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rea,_Missouri=Rea, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosendale,_Missouri=Rosendale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax,_Missouri=Fairfax, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah,_Missouri=Savannah, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Port,_Missouri=Rock Port, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarkio,_Missouri=Tarkio, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farber,_Missouri=Farber, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westboro,_Missouri=Westboro, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinsburg,_Missouri=Martinsburg, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laddonia,_Missouri=Laddonia, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassville,_Missouri=Cassville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico,_Missouri=Mexico, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exeter,_Missouri=Exeter, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdy,_Missouri=Purdy, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheaton,_Missouri=Wheaton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washburn,_Missouri=Washburn, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_City,_Missouri=Golden City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamar,_Missouri=Lamar, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seligman,_Missouri=Seligman, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal,_Missouri=Liberal, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian,_Missouri=Adrian, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amoret,_Missouri=Amoret, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindenmines,_Missouri=Mindenmines, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam,_Missouri=Amsterdam, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_Missouri=Butler, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Hill,_Missouri=Rich Hill, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hume,_Missouri=Hume, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockville,_Missouri=Rockville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Camp,_Missouri=Cole Camp, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Missouri=Lincoln, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw,_Missouri=Warsaw, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland,_Missouri=Ashland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallsville,_Missouri=Hallsville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Hill,_Missouri=Marble Hill, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocheport,_Missouri=Rocheport, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturgeon,_Missouri=Sturgeon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easton,_Missouri=Easton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisk,_Missouri=Fisk, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neelyville,_Missouri=Neelyville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breckenridge,_Missouri=Breckenridge, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Kalb,_Missouri=De Kalb, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidder,_Missouri=Kidder, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Missouri=Hamilton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auxvasse,_Missouri=Auxvasse, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Missouri=Kingston, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polo,_Missouri=Polo, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokane,_Missouri=Mokane, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bloomfield,_Missouri=New Bloomfield, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton,_Missouri=Fulton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camdenton,_Missouri=Camdenton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn_Creek,_Missouri=Linn Creek, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta,_Missouri=Delta, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Missouri=Jackson, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogard,_Missouri=Bogard, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosworth,_Missouri=Bosworth, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrollton,_Missouri=Carrollton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Witt,_Missouri=De Witt, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale,_Missouri=Hale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norborne,_Missouri=Norborne, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsinore,_Missouri=Ellsinore, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandin,_Missouri=Grandin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Buren,_Missouri=Van Buren, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie,_Missouri=Archie, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belton,_Missouri=Belton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creighton,_Missouri=Creighton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lynne,_Missouri=East Lynne, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeman,_Missouri=Freeman, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_City,_Missouri=Garden City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland,_Missouri=Cleveland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisonville,_Missouri=Harrisonville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Winnebago,_Missouri=Lake Winnebago, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Hill,_Missouri=Pleasant Hill, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peculiar,_Missouri=Peculiar, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymore,_Missouri=Raymore, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasburg,_Missouri=Strasburg, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Dorado_Springs,_Missouri=El Dorado Springs, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton,_Missouri=Stockton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunswick,_Missouri=Brunswick, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keytesville,_Missouri=Keytesville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendon,_Missouri=Mendon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salisbury,_Missouri=Salisbury, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumner,_Missouri=Sumner, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triplett,_Missouri=Triplett, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont_Hills,_Missouri=Fremont Hills, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlandville,_Missouri=Highlandville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clever,_Missouri=Clever, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nixa,_Missouri=Nixa, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparta,_Missouri=Sparta, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozark,_Missouri=Ozark, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria,_Missouri=Alexandria, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahoka,_Missouri=Kahoka, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billings,_Missouri=Billings, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyaconda,_Missouri=Wyaconda, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayland,_Missouri=Wayland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avondale,_Missouri=Avondale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladstone,_Missouri=Gladstone, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenaire,_Missouri=Glenaire, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kearney,_Missouri=Kearney, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosby,_Missouri=Mosby, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Kansas_City,_Missouri=North Kansas City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri_City,_Missouri=Missouri City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty,_Missouri=Liberty, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph,_Missouri=Randolph, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lathrop,_Missouri=Lathrop, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trimble,_Missouri=Trimble, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plattsburg,_Missouri=Plattsburg, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithville,_Missouri=Smithville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Martins,_Missouri=St. Martins, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas,_Missouri=St. Thomas, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taos,_Missouri=Taos, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwater,_Missouri=Blackwater, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohman,_Missouri=Lohman, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunceton,_Missouri=Bunceton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otterville,_Missouri=Otterville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boonville,_Missouri=Boonville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Grove,_Missouri=Pilot Grove, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steelville,_Missouri=Steelville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everton,_Missouri=Everton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockwood,_Missouri=Lockwood, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbana,_Missouri=Urbana, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffey,_Missouri=Coffey, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenfield,_Missouri=Greenfield, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_Missouri=Buffalo, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattonsburg,_Missouri=Pattonsburg, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallatin,_Missouri=Gallatin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamesport,_Missouri=Jamesport, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarksdale,_Missouri=Clarksdale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maysville,_Missouri=Maysville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewartsville,_Missouri=Stewartsville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Star,_Missouri=Union Star, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ava,_Missouri=Ava, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Missouri=Salem, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell,_Missouri=Campbell, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardwell,_Missouri=Cardwell, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkton,_Missouri=Clarkton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malden,_Missouri=Malden, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holcomb,_Missouri=Holcomb, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald,_Missouri=Gerald, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senath,_Missouri=Senath, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berger,_Missouri=Berger, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Haven,_Missouri=New Haven, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasconade,_Missouri=Gasconade, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Missouri=Washington, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann,_Missouri=Hermann, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Clair,_Missouri=Saint Clair, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosebud,_Missouri=Rosebud, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owensville,_Missouri=Owensville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Missouri=Union, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_Missouri=Albany, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrison,_Missouri=Morrison, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McFall,_Missouri=McFall, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanberry,_Missouri=Stanberry, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ash_Grove,_Missouri=Ash Grove, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlefield,_Missouri=Battlefield, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_City,_Missouri=King City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Grove,_Missouri=Fair Grove, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic,_Missouri=Republic, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spickard,_Missouri=Spickard, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strafford,_Missouri=Strafford, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laredo,_Missouri=Laredo, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tindall,_Missouri=Tindall, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany,_Missouri=Bethany, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton,_Missouri=Trenton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgeway,_Missouri=Ridgeway, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cainsville,_Missouri=Cainsville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownington,_Missouri=Brownington, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calhoun,_Missouri=Calhoun, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blairstown,_Missouri=Blairstown, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepwater,_Missouri=Deepwater, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hampton,_Missouri=New Hampton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Missouri=Clinton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrose,_Missouri=Montrose, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urich,_Missouri=Urich, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Timbers,_Missouri=Cross Timbers, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermitage,_Missouri=Hermitage, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheatland,_Missouri=Wheatland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaubleau,_Missouri=Weaubleau, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig,_Missouri=Craig, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_City,_Missouri=Forest City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maitland,_Missouri=Maitland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon,_Missouri=Oregon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mound_City,_Missouri=Mound City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong,_Missouri=Armstrong, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandsville,_Missouri=Brandsville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Missouri=Franklin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_View,_Missouri=Mountain View, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Springs,_Missouri=Willow Springs, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapolis,_Missouri=Annapolis, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayette,_Missouri=Fayette, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironton,_Missouri=Ironton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia,_Missouri=Arcadia, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Knob,_Missouri=Pilot Knob, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Plains,_Missouri=West Plains, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grain_Valley,_Missouri=Grain Valley, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viburnum,_Missouri=Viburnum, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tapawingo,_Missouri=Lake Tapawingo, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levasy,_Missouri=Levasy, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Lotawana,_Missouri=Lake Lotawana, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandview,_Missouri=Grandview, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood,_Missouri=Greenwood, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raytown,_Missouri=Raytown, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Jack,_Missouri=Lone Jack, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alba,_Missouri=Alba, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carterville,_Missouri=Carterville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Junction,_Missouri=Carl Junction, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury,_Missouri=Asbury, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carthage,_Missouri=Carthage, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duquesne,_Missouri=Duquesne, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duenweg,_Missouri=Duenweg, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carytown,_Missouri=Carytown, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Russell,_Missouri=La Russell, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper,_Missouri=Jasper, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neck_City,_Missouri=Neck City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purcell,_Missouri=Purcell, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webb_City,_Missouri=Webb City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waco,_Missouri=Waco, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarcoxie,_Missouri=Sarcoxie, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeds,_Missouri=Reeds, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold,_Missouri=Arnold, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oronogo,_Missouri=Oronogo, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrnes_Mill,_Missouri=Byrnes Mill, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festus,_Missouri=Festus, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsboro,_Missouri=Hillsboro, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimmswick,_Missouri=Kimmswick, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herculaneum,_Missouri=Herculaneum, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympian_Village,_Missouri=Olympian Village, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pevely,_Missouri=Pevely, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerview,_Missouri=Centerview, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilhowee,_Missouri=Chilhowee, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holden,_Missouri=Holden, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsville,_Missouri=Kingsville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knob_Noster,_Missouri=Knob Noster, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeton,_Missouri=Leeton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baring,_Missouri=Baring, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrensburg,_Missouri=Warrensburg, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edina,_Missouri=Edina, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurdland,_Missouri=Hurdland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox_City,_Missouri=Knox City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway,_Missouri=Conway, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon,_Missouri=Lebanon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bates_City,_Missouri=Bates City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia,_Missouri=Concordia, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corder,_Missouri=Corder, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Lafayette,_Missouri=Lake Lafayette, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayview,_Missouri=Mayview, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon,_Missouri=Napoleon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa,_Missouri=Odessa, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington,_Missouri=Wellington, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Missouri=Lexington, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waverly,_Missouri=Waverly, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marionville,_Missouri=Marionville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Missouri=Aurora, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller,_Missouri=Miller, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona,_Missouri=Verona, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce_City,_Missouri=Pierce City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Belle,_Missouri=La Belle, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stotts_City,_Missouri=Stotts City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewing,_Missouri=Ewing, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grange,_Missouri=La Grange, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewistown,_Missouri=Lewistown, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton,_Missouri=Canton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsberry,_Missouri=Elsberry, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foley,_Missouri=Foley, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawk_Point,_Missouri=Hawk Point, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Monroe,_Missouri=Old Monroe, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_Missouri=Troy, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winfield,_Missouri=Winfield, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookfield,_Missouri=Brookfield, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linneus,_Missouri=Linneus, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laclede,_Missouri=Laclede, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadville,_Missouri=Meadville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdin,_Missouri=Purdin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chula,_Missouri=Chula, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeling,_Missouri=Wheeling, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta,_Missouri=Atlanta, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chillicothe,_Missouri=Chillicothe, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucklin,_Missouri=Bucklin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bevier,_Missouri=Bevier, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callao,_Missouri=Callao, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel,_Missouri=Ethel, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cambria,_Missouri=New Cambria, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon,_Missouri=Macon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer,_Missouri=Elmer, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Plata,_Missouri=La Plata, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquand,_Missouri=Marquand, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna,_Missouri=Vienna, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmyra,_Missouri=Palmyra, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredericktown,_Missouri=Fredericktown, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanagan,_Missouri=Lanagan, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodman,_Missouri=Goodman, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel,_Missouri=Noel, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pineville,_Missouri=Pineville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_City,_Missouri=Southwest City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson,_Missouri=Anderson, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer,_Missouri=Mercer, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_Missouri=Princeton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeside,_Missouri=Lakeside, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberia,_Missouri=Iberia, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldon,_Missouri=Eldon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anniston,_Missouri=Anniston, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand,_Missouri=Bertrand, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston,_Missouri=Charleston, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagnell,_Missouri=Bagnell, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarksburg,_Missouri=Clarksburg, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt,_Missouri=Wyatt, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California,_Missouri=California, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupus,_Missouri=Lupus, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Missouri=Madison, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris,_Missouri=Paris, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellflower,_Missouri=Bellflower, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonesburg,_Missouri=Jonesburg, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipton,_Missouri=Tipton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Hill,_Missouri=High Hill, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKittrick,_Missouri=McKittrick, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middletown,_Missouri=Middletown, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellsville,_Missouri=Wellsville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Florence,_Missouri=New Florence, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnett,_Missouri=Barnett, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stover,_Missouri=Stover, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse,_Missouri=Syracuse, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canalou,_Missouri=Canalou, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon,_Missouri=Gideon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howardville,_Missouri=Howardville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilbourn,_Missouri=Lilbourn, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles,_Missouri=Versailles, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marston,_Missouri=Marston, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morehouse,_Missouri=Morehouse, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Madrid,_Missouri=New Madrid, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthews,_Missouri=Matthews, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catron,_Missouri=Catron, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parma,_Missouri=Parma, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallapoosa,_Missouri=Tallapoosa, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risco,_Missouri=Risco, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granby,_Missouri=Granby, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairview,_Missouri=Fairview, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seneca,_Missouri=Seneca, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neosho,_Missouri=Neosho, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington_Junction,_Missouri=Burlington Junction, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearmont,_Missouri=Clearmont, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnard,_Missouri=Barnard, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmo,_Missouri=Elmo, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conception_Junction,_Missouri=Conception Junction, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham,_Missouri=Graham, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopkins,_Missouri=Hopkins, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parnell,_Missouri=Parnell, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenwood,_Missouri=Ravenwood, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thayer,_Missouri=Thayer, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryville,_Missouri=Maryville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alton,_Missouri=Alton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koshkonong,_Missouri=Koshkonong, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skidmore,_Missouri=Skidmore, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamois,_Missouri=Chamois, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn,_Missouri=Linn, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meta,_Missouri=Meta, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westphalia,_Missouri=Westphalia, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainesville,_Missouri=Gainesville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bragg_City,_Missouri=Bragg City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayti_Heights,_Missouri=Hayti Heights, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooter,_Missouri=Cooter, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caruthersville,_Missouri=Caruthersville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Missouri=Holland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayti,_Missouri=Hayti, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homestown,_Missouri=Homestown, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steele,_Missouri=Steele, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wardell,_Missouri=Wardell, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altenburg,_Missouri=Altenburg, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Ridge,_Missouri=Green Ridge, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perryville,_Missouri=Perryville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houstonia,_Missouri=Houstonia, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithton,_Missouri=Smithton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doolittle,_Missouri=Doolittle, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Monte,_Missouri=La Monte, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newburg,_Missouri=Newburg, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Springs,_Missouri=Edgar Springs, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedalia,_Missouri=Sedalia, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolla,_Missouri=Rolla, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James,_Missouri=St. James, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarksville,_Missouri=Clarksville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_Green,_Missouri=Bowling Green, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curryville,_Missouri=Curryville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankford,_Missouri=Frankford, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana,_Missouri=Louisiana, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgerton,_Missouri=Edgerton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Waukomis,_Missouri=Lake Waukomis, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northmoor,_Missouri=Northmoor, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkville,_Missouri=Parkville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platte_City,_Missouri=Platte City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy,_Missouri=Tracy, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weatherby_Lake,_Missouri=Weatherby Lake, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weston,_Missouri=Weston, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside,_Missouri=Riverside, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolivar,_Missouri=Bolivar, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrisville,_Missouri=Morrisville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humansville,_Missouri=Humansville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocker,_Missouri=Crocker, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon,_Missouri=Dixon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Play,_Missouri=Fair Play, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waynesville,_Missouri=Waynesville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Hope,_Missouri=Pleasant Hope, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Robert,_Missouri=St. Robert, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unionville,_Missouri=Unionville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center,_Missouri=Center, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry,_Missouri=Perry, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Hill,_Missouri=Clifton Hill, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higbee,_Missouri=Higbee, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville,_Missouri=Huntsville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden,_Missouri=Camden, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Lakes,_Missouri=Crystal Lakes, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_London,_Missouri=New London, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardin,_Missouri=Hardin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleming,_Missouri=Fleming, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta,_Missouri=Henrietta, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Missouri=Centerville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Missouri=Richmond, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_Heights,_Missouri=Wood Heights, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellington,_Missouri=Ellington, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naylor,_Missouri=Naylor, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doniphan,_Missouri=Doniphan, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta_Bend,_Missouri=Malta Bend, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Missouri=Marshall, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slater,_Missouri=Slater, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Springs,_Missouri=Sweet Springs, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson,_Missouri=Nelson, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami,_Missouri=Miami, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Missouri=Lancaster, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_City,_Missouri=Queen City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downing,_Missouri=Downing, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Gorin,_Missouri=South Gorin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton,_Missouri=Benton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaffee,_Missouri=Chaffee, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morley,_Missouri=Morley, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oran,_Missouri=Oran, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eminence,_Missouri=Eminence, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona,_Missouri=Winona, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birch_Tree,_Missouri=Birch Tree, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence,_Missouri=Clarence, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunnewell,_Missouri=Hunnewell, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelbina,_Missouri=Shelbina, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottleville,_Missouri=Cottleville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelbyville,_Missouri=Shelbyville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flint_Hill,_Missouri=Flint Hill, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta,_Missouri=Augusta, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Melle,_Missouri=New Melle, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_St._Louis,_Missouri=Lake St. Louis, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wentzville,_Missouri=Wentzville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_Des_Sioux,_Missouri=Portage Des Sioux, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Alton,_Missouri=West Alton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weldon_Spring,_Missouri=Weldon Spring, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleton_City,_Missouri=Appleton City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowry_City,_Missouri=Lowry City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osceola,_Missouri=Osceola, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonne_Terre,_Missouri=Bonne Terre, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bismarck,_Missouri=Bismarck, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leadington,_Missouri=Leadington, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Hills,_Missouri=Park Hills, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leadwood,_Missouri=Leadwood, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Mountain_Lake,_Missouri=Iron Mountain Lake, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmington,_Missouri=Farmington, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desloge,_Missouri=Desloge, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Villa,_Missouri=Bella Villa, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellefontaine_Neighbors,_Missouri=Bellefontaine Neighbors, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills,_Missouri=Beverly Hills, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Jack,_Missouri=Black Jack, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballwin,_Missouri=Ballwin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breckenridge_Hills,_Missouri=Breckenridge Hills, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentwood,_Missouri=Brentwood, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley,_Missouri=Berkeley, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeton,_Missouri=Bridgeton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calverton_Park,_Missouri=Calverton Park, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlack,_Missouri=Charlack, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Valley,_Missouri=Cool Valley, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Club_Hills,_Missouri=Country Club Hills, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crestwood,_Missouri=Crestwood, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Lake_Park,_Missouri=Crystal Lake Park, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creve_Coeur,_Missouri=Creve Coeur, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dellwood,_Missouri=Dellwood, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flordell_Hills,_Missouri=Flordell Hills, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton,_Missouri=Fenton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellisville,_Missouri=Ellisville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmundson,_Missouri=Edmundson, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Peres,_Missouri=Des Peres, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florissant,_Missouri=Florissant, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendale,_Missouri=Glendale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontenac,_Missouri=Frontenac, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Park,_Missouri=Green Park, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greendale,_Missouri=Greendale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazelwood,_Missouri=Hazelwood, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntleigh,_Missouri=Huntleigh, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennings,_Missouri=Jennings, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeshire,_Missouri=Lakeshire, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkwood,_Missouri=Kirkwood, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinloch,_Missouri=Kinloch, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_Missouri=Manchester, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maplewood,_Missouri=Maplewood, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland_Heights,_Missouri=Maryland Heights, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normandy,_Missouri=Normandy, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwoods,_Missouri=Northwoods, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland,_Missouri=Oakland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overland,_Missouri=Overland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagedale,_Missouri=Pagedale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Lawn,_Missouri=Pine Lawn, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivette,_Missouri=Olivette, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Heights,_Missouri=Richmond Heights, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverview,_St._Louis_County,_Missouri=Riverview, St. Louis County, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Hill,_Missouri=Rock Hill, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrewsbury,_Missouri=Shrewsbury, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasadena_Hills,_Missouri=Pasadena Hills, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George,_Missouri=St. George, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John,_Missouri=St. John, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_and_Country,_Missouri=Town and Country, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velda_City,_Missouri=Velda City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_City,_Missouri=University City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Park,_Missouri=Valley Park, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinita_Park,_Missouri=Vinita Park, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester,_Missouri=Winchester, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodson_Terrace,_Missouri=Woodson Terrace, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood,_Missouri=Wildwood, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellston,_Missouri=Wellston, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomsdale,_Missouri=Bloomsdale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster_Groves,_Missouri=Webster Groves, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary,_Missouri=St. Mary, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_City,_Missouri=Bell City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ste._Genevieve,_Missouri=Ste. Genevieve, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance,_Missouri=Advance, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley,_Missouri=Dudley, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie,_Missouri=Bernie, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield,_Missouri=Bloomfield, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex,_Missouri=Essex, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter,_Missouri=Dexter, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galena,_Missouri=Galena, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurley,_Missouri=Hurley, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberling_City,_Missouri=Kimberling City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puxico,_Missouri=Puxico, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greencastle,_Missouri=Greencastle, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_City,_Missouri=Green City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris,_Missouri=Harris, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollister,_Missouri=Hollister, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockaway_Beach,_Missouri=Rockaway Beach, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabool,_Missouri=Cabool, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston,_Missouri=Houston, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronaugh,_Missouri=Bronaugh, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licking,_Missouri=Licking, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon,_Missouri=Sheldon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada,_Missouri=Nevada, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker,_Missouri=Walker, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truesdale,_Missouri=Truesdale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_City,_Missouri=Wright City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrenton,_Missouri=Warrenton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irondale,_Missouri=Irondale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schell_City,_Missouri=Schell City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potosi,_Missouri=Potosi, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_Missouri=Greenville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedmont,_Missouri=Piedmont, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamsville,_Missouri=Williamsville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordland,_Missouri=Fordland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour,_Missouri=Seymour, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_City,_Missouri=Grant City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allendale,_Missouri=Allendale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshfield,_Missouri=Marshfield, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niangua,_Missouri=Niangua, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan,_Missouri=Sheridan, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartville,_Missouri=Hartville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield,_Missouri=Mansfield, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwood,_Missouri=Norwood, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillon,_Montana=Dillon, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardin,_Montana=Hardin, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem,_Montana=Harlem, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinook,_Montana=Chinook, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Lodge,_Montana=Red Lodge, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belt,_Montana=Belt, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townsend,_Montana=Townsend, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Falls,_Montana=Great Falls, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scobey,_Montana=Scobey, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Benton,_Montana=Fort Benton, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendive,_Montana=Glendive, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Falls,_Montana=Columbia Falls, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewistown,_Montana=Lewistown, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalispell,_Montana=Kalispell, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitefish,_Montana=Whitefish, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgrade,_Montana=Belgrade, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Forks,_Gallatin_County,_Montana=Three Forks, Gallatin County, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_Bank,_Montana=Cut Bank, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bozeman,_Montana=Bozeman, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havre,_Montana=Havre, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_Montana=Troy, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Sulphur_Springs,_Montana=White Sulphur Springs, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundup,_Montana=Roundup, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston,_Montana=Livingston, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missoula,_Montana=Missoula, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta,_Montana=Malta, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad,_Montana=Conrad, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Lodge,_Montana=Deer Lodge, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Montana=Hamilton, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney,_Montana=Sidney, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colstrip,_Montana=Colstrip, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Point,_Montana=Wolf Point, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsyth,_Montana=Forsyth, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plentywood,_Montana=Plentywood, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Falls,_Montana=Thompson Falls, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Timber,_Montana=Big Timber, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choteau,_Montana=Choteau, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby,_Montana=Shelby, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlowton,_Montana=Harlowton, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Gap,_Montana=Judith Gap, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow,_Montana=Glasgow, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel,_Montana=Laurel, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings,_Nebraska=Hastings, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billings,_Montana=Billings, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin,_Nebraska=Elgin, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neligh,_Nebraska=Neligh, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albion,_Nebraska=Albion, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Edward,_Nebraska=St. Edward, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance,_Nebraska=Alliance, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainsworth,_Nebraska=Ainsworth, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Pine,_Nebraska=Long Pine, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibbon,_Nebraska=Gibbon, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kearney,_Nebraska=Kearney, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenna,_Nebraska=Ravenna, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland,_Nebraska=Oakland, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekamah,_Nebraska=Tekamah, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyons,_Nebraska=Lyons, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_City,_Nebraska=David City, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Nebraska=Louisville, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plattsmouth,_Nebraska=Plattsmouth, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weeping_Water,_Nebraska=Weeping Water, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel,_Nebraska=Laurel, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartington,_Nebraska=Hartington, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph,_Nebraska=Randolph, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial,_Nebraska=Imperial, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine,_Nebraska=Valentine, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney,_Nebraska=Sidney, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Center,_Nebraska=Clay Center, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar,_Nebraska=Edgar, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Nebraska=Fairfield, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard,_Nebraska=Harvard, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkson,_Nebraska=Clarkson, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutton,_Nebraska=Sutton, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schuyler,_Nebraska=Schuyler, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Point,_Nebraska=West Point, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisner,_Nebraska=Wisner, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Augustine_Beach,_Florida=St. Augustine Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Bow,_Nebraska=Broken Bow, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargent,_Nebraska=Sargent, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakota_City,_Nebraska=Dakota City, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Sioux_City,_Nebraska=South Sioux City, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chadron,_Nebraska=Chadron, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford,_Nebraska=Crawford, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cozad,_Nebraska=Cozad, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Nebraska=Lexington, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothenburg,_Nebraska=Gothenburg, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chappell,_Nebraska=Chappell, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponca,_Nebraska=Ponca, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooper,_Nebraska=Hooper, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_Nebraska=Fremont, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bend,_Nebraska=North Bend, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennington,_Nebraska=Bennington, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scribner,_Nebraska=Scribner, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralston,_Nebraska=Ralston, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley,_Nebraska=Valley, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benkelman,_Nebraska=Benkelman, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva,_Nebraska=Geneva, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Nebraska=Franklin, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arapahoe,_Nebraska=Arapahoe, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis,_Nebraska=Curtis, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_City,_Nebraska=Beaver City, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge,_Nebraska=Cambridge, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Springs,_Nebraska=Blue Springs, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice,_Nebraska=Beatrice, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burwell,_Nebraska=Burwell, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshkosh,_Nebraska=Oshkosh, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wymore,_Nebraska=Wymore, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_River,_Nebraska=Wood River, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Island,_Nebraska=Grand Island, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Nebraska=Aurora, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma,_Nebraska=Alma, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atkinson,_Nebraska=Atkinson, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Neill,_Nebraska=O'Neill, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul,_Nebraska=St. Paul, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairbury,_Nebraska=Fairbury, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minden,_Nebraska=Minden, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogallala,_Nebraska=Ogallala, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimball,_Nebraska=Kimball, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield,_Nebraska=Bloomfield, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crofton,_Nebraska=Crofton, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creighton,_Nebraska=Creighton, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickman,_Nebraska=Hickman, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waverly,_Nebraska=Waverly, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Creek,_Nebraska=Battle Creek, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Nebraska=Madison, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_City,_Nebraska=Central City, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport,_Nebraska=Bridgeport, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk,_Nebraska=Norfolk, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa,_Nebraska=Genoa, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullerton,_Nebraska=Fullerton, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayard,_Nebraska=Bayard, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Nebraska=Auburn, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru,_Nebraska=Peru, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson,_Nebraska=Nelson, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior,_Nebraska=Superior, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_City,_Nebraska=Nebraska City, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse,_Nebraska=Syracuse, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawnee_City,_Nebraska=Pawnee City, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant,_Nebraska=Grant, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holdrege,_Nebraska=Holdrege, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmond,_Nebraska=Osmond, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce,_Nebraska=Pierce, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainview,_Nebraska=Plainview, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Nebraska=Columbus, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey,_Nebraska=Humphrey, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osceola,_Nebraska=Osceola, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianola,_Nebraska=Indianola, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCook,_Nebraska=McCook, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stromsburg,_Nebraska=Stromsburg, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt,_Nebraska=Humboldt, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_City,_Nebraska=Falls City, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassett,_Nebraska=Bassett, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crete,_Nebraska=Crete, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilber,_Nebraska=Wilber, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friend,_Nebraska=Friend, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue,_Nebraska=Bellevue, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papillion,_Nebraska=Papillion, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Nebraska=Springfield, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland,_Nebraska=Ashland, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vista,_Nebraska=La Vista, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretna,_Nebraska=Gretna, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahoo,_Nebraska=Wahoo, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yutan,_Nebraska=Yutan, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gering,_Nebraska=Gering, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minatare,_Nebraska=Minatare, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell,_Nebraska=Mitchell, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottsbluff,_Nebraska=Scottsbluff, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seward,_Nebraska=Seward, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford,_Nebraska=Milford, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushville,_Nebraska=Rushville, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon,_Nebraska=Gordon, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loup_City,_Nebraska=Loup City, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton,_Nebraska=Stanton, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deshler,_Nebraska=Deshler, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebron,_Nebraska=Hebron, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ord,_Nebraska=Ord, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair,_Nebraska=Blair, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Calhoun,_Nebraska=Fort Calhoun, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne,_Nebraska=Wayne, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Hill,_Nebraska=Blue Hill, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Cloud,_Nebraska=Red Cloud, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Heights,_Michigan=Madison Heights, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson,_Nebraska=Henderson, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York,_Nebraska=York, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaylord,_Michigan=Gaylord, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coopersville,_Michigan=Coopersville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallon,_Nevada=Fallon, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulder_City,_Nevada=Boulder City, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson,_Nevada=Henderson, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Rivers,_Michigan=Three Rivers, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesquite,_Nevada=Mesquite, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Las_Vegas,_Nevada=North Las Vegas, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Park,_Michigan=Lincoln Park, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_Woods,_Michigan=Harper Woods, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livonia,_Michigan=Livonia, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Minnesota=Centerville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coon_Rapids,_Minnesota=Coon Rapids, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis,_Minnesota=St. Francis, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauk_Rapids,_Minnesota=Sauk Rapids, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlin,_Nevada=Carlin, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Minnesota=Springfield, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobden,_Minnesota=Cobden, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Germany,_Minnesota=New Germany, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elko,_Nevada=Elko, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bena,_Minnesota=Bena, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Dam,_Minnesota=Federal Dam, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells,_Nevada=Wells, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnemucca,_Nevada=Winnemucca, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker,_Minnesota=Walker, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_City,_Minnesota=Center City, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnesville,_Minnesota=Barnesville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caliente,_Nevada=Caliente, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernley,_Nevada=Fernley, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Lakes,_Minnesota=Fifty Lakes, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerington,_Nevada=Yerington, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovelock,_Nevada=Lovelock, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantorville,_Minnesota=Mantorville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millerville,_Minnesota=Millerville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman,_Minnesota=Herman, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparks,_Nevada=Sparks, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers,_Minnesota=Rogers, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Grove,_Minnesota=Maple Grove, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Park,_Minnesota=Spring Park, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Bonifacius,_Minnesota=St. Bonifacius, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbinsdale,_Minnesota=Robbinsdale, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomington,_Minnesota=Bloomington, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsville,_Minnesota=Brownsville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ely,_Nevada=Ely, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Louis_Park,_Minnesota=St. Louis Park, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Rapids,_Minnesota=Park Rapids, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laconia,_New_Hampshire=Laconia, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Harbors,_Minnesota=Two Harbors, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Benton,_Minnesota=Lake Benton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strandquist,_Minnesota=Strandquist, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Lake,_Minnesota=Silver Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Mills,_Minnesota=Cedar Mills, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genola,_Minnesota=Genola, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkton,_Minnesota=Elkton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Wilson,_Minnesota=Lake Wilson, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington,_Minnesota=Worthington, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keene,_New_Hampshire=Keene, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Valley,_Minnesota=Twin Valley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Lake,_Minnesota=Battle Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Hilaire,_Minnesota=St. Hilaire, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arden_Hills,_Minnesota=Arden Hills, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Heights,_Minnesota=Falcon Heights, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mounds_View,_Minnesota=Mounds View, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin,_New_Hampshire=Berlin, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_Island,_Minnesota=Bird Island, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badger,_Minnesota=Badger, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadowlands,_Minnesota=Meadowlands, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meire_Grove,_Minnesota=Meire Grove, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holdingford,_Minnesota=Holdingford, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Spring,_Minnesota=Cold Spring, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Hill,_Minnesota=Spring Hill, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Stephen,_Minnesota=St. Stephen, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauk_Centre,_Minnesota=Sauk Centre, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paynesville,_Minnesota=Paynesville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfield,_Minnesota=Butterfield, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Lake,_Minnesota=Forest Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Charles,_Minnesota=St. Charles, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Lake,_Minnesota=Howard Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Haven,_Minnesota=South Haven, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosciusko,_Mississippi=Kosciusko, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland,_Mississippi=Cleveland, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horn_Lake,_Mississippi=Horn Lake, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southaven,_Mississippi=Southaven, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascagoula,_Mississippi=Pascagoula, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookhaven,_Mississippi=Brookhaven, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon,_New_Hampshire=Lebanon, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood,_Mississippi=Greenwood, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianola,_Mississippi=Indianola, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruleville,_Mississippi=Ruleville, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Valley,_Mississippi=Water Valley, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qulin,_Missouri=Qulin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braymer,_Missouri=Braymer, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poplar_Bluff,_Missouri=Poplar Bluff, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holts_Summit,_Missouri=Holts Summit, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowgill,_Missouri=Cowgill, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Annette,_Missouri=Lake Annette, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russellville,_Missouri=Russellville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_Home,_Missouri=Prairie Home, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourbon,_Missouri=Bourbon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba,_Missouri=Cuba, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard,_Missouri=Willard, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennett,_Missouri=Kennett, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galt,_Missouri=Galt, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Grove,_Missouri=Walnut Grove, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Franklin,_Missouri=New Franklin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckner,_Missouri=Buckner, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Springs,_Missouri=Blue Springs, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Soto,_Missouri=De Soto, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_City,_Missouri=Crystal City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma,_Missouri=Alma, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_New_Hampshire=Manchester, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_Missouri=Mount Vernon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higginsville,_Missouri=Higginsville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashua,_New_Hampshire=Nashua, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_Mills,_Missouri=Moscow Mills, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Prairie,_Missouri=East Prairie, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_City,_Missouri=Montgomery City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond,_Missouri=Diamond, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Point,_Missouri=Camden Point, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark,_Missouri=Clark, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platte_Woods,_Missouri=Platte Woods, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Lake,_Missouri=Houston Lake, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moberly,_Missouri=Moberly, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis,_Missouri=Memphis, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_New_Hampshire=Franklin, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkson_Valley,_Missouri=Clarkson Valley, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesterfield,_Missouri=Chesterfield, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton,_Missouri=Clayton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moline_Acres,_Missouri=Moline Acres, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ann,_Missouri=St. Ann, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Hills,_Missouri=Sunset Hills, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warson_Woods,_Missouri=Warson Woods, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branson_West,_Missouri=Branson West, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeds_Spring,_Missouri=Reeds Spring, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan,_Missouri=Milan, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crane,_Missouri=Crane, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newtown,_Missouri=Newtown, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsyth,_Missouri=Forsyth, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marthasville,_Missouri=Marthasville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker,_Montana=Baker, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronan,_Montana=Ronan, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libby,_Montana=Libby, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover,_New_Hampshire=Dover, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester,_New_Hampshire=Rochester, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claremont,_New_Hampshire=Claremont, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somersworth,_New_Hampshire=Somersworth, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absecon,_New_Jersey=Absecon, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigantine,_New_Jersey=Brigantine, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbin_City,_New_Jersey=Corbin City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egg_Harbor_City,_New_Jersey=Egg Harbor City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estell_Manor,_New_Jersey=Estell Manor, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margate_City,_New_Jersey=Margate City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linwood,_New_Jersey=Linwood, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventnor_City,_New_Jersey=Ventnor City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Englewood,_New_Jersey=Englewood, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly,_New_Jersey=Beverly, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordentown,_New_Jersey=Bordentown, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloucester_City,_New_Jersey=Gloucester City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_May,_New_Jersey=Cape May, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Wildwood,_New_Jersey=North Wildwood, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_City,_New_Jersey=Ocean City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Isle_City,_New_Jersey=Sea Isle City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood,_New_Jersey=Wildwood, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeton,_New_Jersey=Bridgeton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millville,_New_Jersey=Millville, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vineland,_New_Jersey=Vineland, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Orange,_New_Jersey=East Orange, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbury,_New_Jersey=Woodbury, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayonne,_New_Jersey=Bayonne, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoboken,_New_Jersey=Hoboken, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_City,_New_Jersey=Jersey City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_City,_New_Jersey=Union City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore=Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambertville,_New_Jersey=Lambertville, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick,_New_Jersey=New Brunswick, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Amboy,_New_Jersey=Perth Amboy, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Amboy,_New_Jersey=South Amboy, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Branch,_New_Jersey=Long Branch, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton,_New_Jersey=Clifton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passaic,_New_Jersey=Passaic, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paterson,_New_Jersey=Paterson, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_New_Jersey=Salem, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth,_New_Jersey=Elizabeth, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linden,_New_Jersey=Linden, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahway,_New_Jersey=Rahway, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit,_New_Jersey=Summit, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grants,_New_Mexico=Grants, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raton,_New_Mexico=Raton, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texico,_New_Mexico=Texico, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony,_New_Mexico=Anthony, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clovis,_New_Mexico=Clovis, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunland_Park,_New_Mexico=Sunland Park, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Cruces,_New_Mexico=Las Cruces, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artesia,_New_Mexico=Artesia, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsbad,_New_Mexico=Carlsbad, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa,_New_Mexico=Santa Rosa, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lordsburg,_New_Mexico=Lordsburg, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunice,_New_Mexico=Eunice, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobbs,_New_Mexico=Hobbs, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jal,_New_Mexico=Jal, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovington,_New_Mexico=Lovington, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallup,_New_Mexico=Gallup, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamogordo,_New_Mexico=Alamogordo, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucumcari,_New_Mexico=Tucumcari, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aztec,_New_Mexico=Aztec, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield,_New_Mexico=Bloomfield, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portales,_New_Mexico=Portales, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmington,_New_Mexico=Farmington, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas,_New_Mexico=Las Vegas, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Butte,_New_Mexico=Elephant Butte, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_or_Consequences,_New_Mexico=Truth or Consequences, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socorro,_New_Mexico=Socorro, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moriarty,_New_Mexico=Moriarty, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belen,_New_Mexico=Belen, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Communities,_New_Mexico=Rio Communities, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_New_York=Auburn, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown,_New_York=Jamestown, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortland,_New_York=Cortland, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon,_New_York=Beacon, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna,_New_York=Lackawanna, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloversville,_New_York=Gloversville, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oneida,_New_York=Oneida, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester,_New_York=Rochester, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Cove,_New_York=Glen Cove, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach,_New_York=Long Beach, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Tonawanda,_New_York=North Tonawanda, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_Falls,_New_York=Niagara Falls, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherrill,_New_York=Sherrill, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome,_New_York=Rome, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Jervis,_New_York=Port Jervis, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton,_Oswego_County,_New_York=Fulton, Oswego County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staten_Island=Staten Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanicville,_New_York=Mechanicville, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogdensburg,_New_York=Ogdensburg, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornell,_New_York=Hornell, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glens_Falls,_New_York=Glens Falls, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_New_York=Mount Vernon, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Rochelle,_New_York=New Rochelle, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peekskill,_New_York=Peekskill, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Plains,_New_York=White Plains, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham,_North_Carolina=Graham, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_North_Carolina=Burlington, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_North_Carolina=Washington, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiling_Spring_Lakes,_North_Carolina=Boiling Spring Lakes, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest,_North_Carolina=Northwest, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southport,_North_Carolina=Southport, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffs_Harbour=Coffs Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asheville,_North_Carolina=Asheville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concord,_North_Carolina=Concord, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morganton,_North_Carolina=Morganton, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenoir,_North_Carolina=Lenoir, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claremont,_North_Carolina=Claremont, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conover,_North_Carolina=Conover, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_North_Carolina=Newton, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polkville,_North_Carolina=Polkville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby,_North_Carolina=Shelby, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiteville,_North_Carolina=Whiteville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havelock,_North_Carolina=Havelock, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bern,_North_Carolina=New Bern, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayetteville,_North_Carolina=Fayetteville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_North_Carolina=Lexington, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarboro,_North_Carolina=Tarboro, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont,_North_Carolina=Belmont, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessemer_City,_North_Carolina=Bessemer City, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherryville,_North_Carolina=Cherryville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston-Salem,_North_Carolina=Winston-Salem, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell,_North_Carolina=Lowell, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gastonia,_North_Carolina=Gastonia, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Holly,_North_Carolina=Mount Holly, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford,_North_Carolina=Oxford, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creedmoor,_North_Carolina=Creedmoor, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roanoke_Rapids,_North_Carolina=Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunn,_North_Carolina=Dunn, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendersonville,_North_Carolina=Hendersonville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raeford,_North_Carolina=Raeford, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statesville,_North_Carolina=Statesville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford,_North_Carolina=Sanford, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinston,_North_Carolina=Kinston, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincolnton,_North_Carolina=Lincolnton, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_North_Carolina=Marion, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbins,_North_Carolina=Robbins, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville,_North_Carolina=Nashville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_North_Carolina=Jacksonville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmington,_North_Carolina=Wilmington, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxboro,_North_Carolina=Roxboro, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_North_Carolina=Greenville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asheboro,_North_Carolina=Asheboro, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randleman,_North_Carolina=Randleman, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity,_North_Carolina=Trinity, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet,_North_Carolina=Hamlet, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockingham,_North_Carolina=Rockingham, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumberton,_North_Carolina=Lumberton, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden,_North_Carolina=Eden, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reidsville,_North_Carolina=Reidsville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Grove,_North_Carolina=China Grove, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salisbury,_North_Carolina=Salisbury, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_North_Carolina=Clinton, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurinburg,_North_Carolina=Laurinburg, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albemarle,_North_Carolina=Albemarle, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danbury,_North_Carolina=Danbury, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Airy,_North_Carolina=Mount Airy, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard,_North_Carolina=Brevard, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_North_Carolina=Monroe, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson,_North_Carolina=Henderson, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldsboro,_North_Carolina=Goldsboro, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson,_North_Carolina=Wilson, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucyrus,_North_Dakota=Bucyrus, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haynes,_North_Dakota=Haynes, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hettinger,_North_Dakota=Hettinger, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeder,_North_Dakota=Reeder, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dazey,_North_Dakota=Dazey, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn,_North_Dakota=Kathryn, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fingal,_North_Dakota=Fingal, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome,_North_Dakota=Nome, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leal,_North_Dakota=Leal, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanborn,_North_Dakota=Sanborn, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibley,_North_Dakota=Sibley, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers,_North_Dakota=Rogers, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillsbury,_North_Dakota=Pillsbury, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litchville,_North_Dakota=Litchville, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriska,_North_Dakota=Oriska, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esmond,_North_Dakota=Esmond, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_City,_North_Dakota=Valley City, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimbledon,_North_Dakota=Wimbledon, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds,_North_Dakota=Leeds, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox,_North_Dakota=Knox, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brinsmade,_North_Dakota=Brinsmade, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maddock,_North_Dakota=Maddock, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberon,_North_Dakota=Oberon, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnewaukan,_North_Dakota=Minnewaukan, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick,_North_Dakota=Warwick, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medora,_North_Dakota=Medora, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York,_North_Dakota=York, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antler,_North_Dakota=Antler, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardena,_North_Dakota=Gardena, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landa,_North_Dakota=Landa, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kramer,_North_Dakota=Kramer, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lansford,_North_Dakota=Lansford, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottineau,_North_Dakota=Bottineau, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxbass,_North_Dakota=Maxbass, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souris,_North_Dakota=Souris, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newburg,_North_Dakota=Newburg, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westhope,_North_Dakota=Westhope, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_City,_North_Dakota=Willow City, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gascoyne,_North_Dakota=Gascoyne, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scranton,_North_Dakota=Scranton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowman,_North_Dakota=Bowman, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhame,_North_Dakota=Rhame, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowbells,_North_Dakota=Bowbells, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_North_Dakota=Columbus, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaxton,_North_Dakota=Flaxton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lignite,_North_Dakota=Lignite, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powers_Lake,_North_Dakota=Powers Lake, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing,_North_Dakota=Wing, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amenia,_North_Dakota=Amenia, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regan,_North_Dakota=Regan, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice,_North_Dakota=Alice, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argusville,_North_Dakota=Argusville, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur,_North_Dakota=Arthur, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_North_Dakota=Lincoln, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayr,_North_Dakota=Ayr, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briarwood,_North_Dakota=Briarwood, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_North_Dakota=Buffalo, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casselton,_North_Dakota=Casselton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier,_North_Dakota=Frontier, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harwood,_North_Dakota=Harwood, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardner,_North_Dakota=Gardner, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace,_North_Dakota=Horace, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter,_North_Dakota=Hunter, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindred,_North_Dakota=Kindred, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard,_North_Dakota=Leonard, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davenport,_North_Dakota=Davenport, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fargo,_North_Dakota=Fargo, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_River,_North_Dakota=North River, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapleton,_North_Dakota=Mapleton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page,_North_Dakota=Page, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_Rose,_North_Dakota=Prairie Rose, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxbow,_North_Dakota=Oxbow, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reile's_Acres,_North_Dakota=Reile's Acres, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Fargo,_North_Dakota=West Fargo, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin,_North_Dakota=Calvin, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsen,_North_Dakota=Alsen, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah,_North_Dakota=Hannah, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calio,_North_Dakota=Calio, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langdon,_North_Dakota=Langdon, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich,_North_Dakota=Munich, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loma,_North_Dakota=Loma, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nekoma,_North_Dakota=Nekoma, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton,_North_Dakota=Milton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wales,_North_Dakota=Wales, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osnabrock,_North_Dakota=Osnabrock, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbes,_North_Dakota=Forbes, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellendale,_North_Dakota=Ellendale, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludden,_North_Dakota=Ludden, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monango,_North_Dakota=Monango, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose,_North_Dakota=Ambrose, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakes,_North_Dakota=Oakes, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosby,_North_Dakota=Crosby, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortuna,_North_Dakota=Fortuna, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noonan,_North_Dakota=Noonan, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullerton,_North_Dakota=Fullerton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunn_Center,_North_Dakota=Dunn Center, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halliday,_North_Dakota=Halliday, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge,_North_Dakota=Dodge, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killdeer,_North_Dakota=Killdeer, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Rockford,_North_Dakota=New Rockford, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazelton,_North_Dakota=Hazelton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braddock,_North_Dakota=Braddock, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheyenne,_North_Dakota=Sheyenne, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasburg,_North_Dakota=Strasburg, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linton,_North_Dakota=Linton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenfield,_North_Dakota=Glenfield, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_City,_North_Dakota=Grace City, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McHenry,_North_Dakota=McHenry, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrington,_North_Dakota=Carrington, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hague,_North_Dakota=Hague, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentinel_Butte,_North_Dakota=Sentinel Butte, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golva,_North_Dakota=Golva, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach,_North_Dakota=Beach, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilby,_North_Dakota=Gilby, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerado,_North_Dakota=Emerado, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkster,_North_Dakota=Inkster, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larimore,_North_Dakota=Larimore, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manvel,_North_Dakota=Manvel, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwood,_North_Dakota=Northwood, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara,_North_Dakota=Niagara, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson,_North_Dakota=Carson, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson,_North_Dakota=Thompson, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Forks,_North_Dakota=Grand Forks, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Leipzig,_North_Dakota=New Leipzig, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leith,_North_Dakota=Leith, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin,_North_Dakota=Elgin, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binford,_North_Dakota=Binford, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott,_North_Dakota=Mott, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannaford,_North_Dakota=Hannaford, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooperstown,_North_Dakota=Cooperstown, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regent,_North_Dakota=Regent, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England,_North_Dakota=New England, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson,_North_Dakota=Robinson, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson,_North_Dakota=Dawson, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steele,_North_Dakota=Steele, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tappen,_North_Dakota=Tappen, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuttle,_North_Dakota=Tuttle, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin,_North_Dakota=Berlin, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickey,_North_Dakota=Dickey, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jud,_North_Dakota=Jud, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulm,_North_Dakota=Kulm, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaMoure,_North_Dakota=LaMoure, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pettibone,_North_Dakota=Pettibone, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_North_Dakota=Marion, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgeley,_North_Dakota=Edgeley, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredonia,_North_Dakota=Fredonia, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gackle,_North_Dakota=Gackle, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon,_North_Dakota=Napoleon, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balfour,_North_Dakota=Balfour, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bantry,_North_Dakota=Bantry, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona,_North_Dakota=Verona, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen,_North_Dakota=Bergen, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deering,_North_Dakota=Deering, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake,_North_Dakota=Drake, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlsruhe,_North_Dakota=Karlsruhe, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville,_North_Dakota=Granville, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kief,_North_Dakota=Kief, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towner,_North_Dakota=Towner, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velva,_North_Dakota=Velva, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venturia,_North_Dakota=Venturia, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voltaire,_North_Dakota=Voltaire, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley,_North_Dakota=Ashley, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeeland,_North_Dakota=Zeeland, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishek,_North_Dakota=Wishek, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander,_North_Dakota=Alexander, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upham,_North_Dakota=Upham, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnegard,_North_Dakota=Arnegard, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict,_North_Dakota=Benedict, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butte,_North_Dakota=Butte, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleharbor,_North_Dakota=Coleharbor, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrison,_North_Dakota=Garrison, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer,_North_Dakota=Mercer, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max,_North_Dakota=Max, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watford_City,_North_Dakota=Watford City, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverdale,_North_Dakota=Riverdale, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruso,_North_Dakota=Ruso, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washburn,_North_Dakota=Washburn, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beulah,_North_Dakota=Beulah, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underwood,_North_Dakota=Underwood, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Valley,_North_Dakota=Golden Valley, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Lake,_North_Dakota=Turtle Lake, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazen,_North_Dakota=Hazen, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_City,_North_Dakota=Pick City, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton,_North_Dakota=Stanton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zap,_North_Dakota=Zap, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almont,_North_Dakota=Almont, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flasher,_North_Dakota=Flasher, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Ullin,_North_Dakota=Glen Ullin, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebron,_North_Dakota=Hebron, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Town,_North_Dakota=New Town, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross,_North_Dakota=Ross, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palermo,_North_Dakota=Palermo, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaza,_North_Dakota=Plaza, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parshall,_North_Dakota=Parshall, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandan,_North_Dakota=Mandan, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley,_North_Dakota=Stanley, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aneta,_North_Dakota=Aneta, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakota,_North_Dakota=Lakota, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McVille,_North_Dakota=McVille, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_City,_North_Dakota=Michigan City, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pekin,_North_Dakota=Pekin, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Earth,_North_Dakota=White Earth, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petersburg,_North_Dakota=Petersburg, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolna,_North_Dakota=Tolna, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathgate,_North_Dakota=Bathgate, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center,_North_Dakota=Center, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal,_North_Dakota=Crystal, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton_City,_North_Dakota=Canton City, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalier,_North_Dakota=Cavalier, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neche,_North_Dakota=Neche, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walhalla,_North_Dakota=Walhalla, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas,_North_Dakota=St. Thomas, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain,_North_Dakota=Mountain, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drayton,_North_Dakota=Drayton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_North_Dakota=Hamilton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembina,_North_Dakota=Pembina, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balta,_North_Dakota=Balta, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolford,_North_Dakota=Wolford, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brocket,_North_Dakota=Brocket, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchs_Ferry,_North_Dakota=Churchs Ferry, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampden,_North_Dakota=Hampden, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott,_North_Dakota=Elliott, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_Lake,_North_Dakota=Devils Lake, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starkweather,_North_Dakota=Starkweather, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crary,_North_Dakota=Crary, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmore,_North_Dakota=Edmore, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawton,_North_Dakota=Lawton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ransom,_North_Dakota=Fort Ransom, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisbon,_North_Dakota=Lisbon, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grano,_North_Dakota=Grano, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loraine,_North_Dakota=Loraine, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenburn,_North_Dakota=Glenburn, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherwood,_North_Dakota=Sherwood, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolley,_North_Dakota=Tolley, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abercrombie,_North_Dakota=Abercrombie, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney,_North_Dakota=Barney, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon,_North_Dakota=Sheldon, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohall,_North_Dakota=Mohall, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colfax,_North_Dakota=Colfax, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine,_North_Dakota=Christine, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight,_North_Dakota=Dwight, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lidgerwood,_North_Dakota=Lidgerwood, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmount,_North_Dakota=Fairmount, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantador,_North_Dakota=Mantador, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Bend,_North_Dakota=Great Bend, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mooreton,_North_Dakota=Mooreton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hankinson,_North_Dakota=Hankinson, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walcott,_North_Dakota=Walcott, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahpeton,_North_Dakota=Wahpeton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyndmere,_North_Dakota=Wyndmere, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mylo,_North_Dakota=Mylo, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolette,_North_Dakota=Rolette, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolla,_North_Dakota=Rolla, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John,_North_Dakota=St. John, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cayuga,_North_Dakota=Cayuga, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana,_North_Dakota=Havana, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cogswell,_North_Dakota=Cogswell, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwinner,_North_Dakota=Gwinner, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forman,_North_Dakota=Forman, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunseith,_North_Dakota=Dunseith, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milnor,_North_Dakota=Milnor, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutland,_North_Dakota=Rutland, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodrich,_North_Dakota=Goodrich, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClusky,_North_Dakota=McClusky, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin,_North_Dakota=Martin, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amidon,_North_Dakota=Amidon, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selfridge,_North_Dakota=Selfridge, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solen,_North_Dakota=Solen, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Yates,_North_Dakota=Fort Yates, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmarth,_North_Dakota=Marmarth, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfield,_North_Dakota=Belfield, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richardton,_North_Dakota=Richardton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Heart,_North_Dakota=South Heart, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson,_North_Dakota=Dickinson, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladstone,_North_Dakota=Gladstone, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finley,_North_Dakota=Finley, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope,_North_Dakota=Hope, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon,_North_Dakota=Sharon, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor,_North_Dakota=Taylor, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luverne,_North_Dakota=Luverne, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan,_North_Dakota=Buchanan, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland,_North_Dakota=Cleveland, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtenay,_North_Dakota=Courtenay, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpelier,_North_Dakota=Montpelier, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensal,_North_Dakota=Kensal, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medina,_North_Dakota=Medina, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown,_North_Dakota=Jamestown, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingree,_North_Dakota=Pingree, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiritwood_Lake,_North_Dakota=Spiritwood Lake, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streeter,_North_Dakota=Streeter, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodworth,_North_Dakota=Woodworth, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisbee,_North_Dakota=Bisbee, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cando,_North_Dakota=Cando, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egeland,_North_Dakota=Egeland, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansboro,_North_Dakota=Hansboro, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth,_North_Dakota=Perth, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buxton,_North_Dakota=Buxton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocklake,_North_Dakota=Rocklake, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford,_North_Dakota=Clifford, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatton,_North_Dakota=Hatton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galesburg,_North_Dakota=Galesburg, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayville,_North_Dakota=Mayville, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsboro,_North_Dakota=Hillsboro, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_North_Dakota=Portland, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardoch,_North_Dakota=Ardoch, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway,_North_Dakota=Conway, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams,_North_Dakota=Adams, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburg,_North_Dakota=Edinburg, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairdale,_North_Dakota=Fairdale, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordville,_North_Dakota=Fordville, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_River,_North_Dakota=Forest River, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoople,_North_Dakota=Hoople, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton,_North_Dakota=Grafton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lankin,_North_Dakota=Lankin, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minto,_North_Dakota=Minto, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthold,_North_Dakota=Berthold, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisek,_North_Dakota=Pisek, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpio,_North_Dakota=Carpio, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_River,_North_Dakota=Park River, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_North_Dakota=Burlington, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Lacs,_North_Dakota=Des Lacs, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnybrook,_North_Dakota=Donnybrook, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas,_North_Dakota=Douglas, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenmare,_North_Dakota=Kenmare, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoti,_North_Dakota=Makoti, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawyer,_North_Dakota=Sawyer, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryder,_North_Dakota=Ryder, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey,_North_Dakota=Surrey, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathay,_North_Dakota=Cathay, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowdon,_North_Dakota=Bowdon, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamberg,_North_Dakota=Hamberg, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fessenden,_North_Dakota=Fessenden, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurdsfield,_North_Dakota=Hurdsfield, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey,_North_Dakota=Harvey, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenora,_North_Dakota=Grenora, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tioga,_North_Dakota=Tioga, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sykeston,_North_Dakota=Sykeston, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epping,_North_Dakota=Epping, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamo,_North_Dakota=Alamo, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minot,_North_Dakota=Minot, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springbrook,_North_Dakota=Springbrook, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildrose,_North_Dakota=Wildrose, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray,_North_Dakota=Ray, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williston,_North_Dakota=Williston, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland,_Ohio=Ashland, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima,_Ohio=Lima, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conneaut,_Ohio=Conneaut, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashtabula,_Ohio=Ashtabula, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva,_Ohio=Geneva, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelsonville,_Ohio=Nelsonville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Marys,_Ohio=St. Marys, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wapakoneta,_Ohio=Wapakoneta, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martins_Ferry,_Ohio=Martins Ferry, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Clairsville,_Ohio=St. Clairsville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ohio=Hamilton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford,_Ohio=Oxford, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton,_Ohio=Trenton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbana,_Ohio=Urbana, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Carlisle,_Ohio=New Carlisle, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Ohio=Springfield, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmington,_Ohio=Wilmington, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Liverpool,_Ohio=East Liverpool, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Ohio=Salem, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coshocton,_Ohio=Coshocton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucyrus,_Ohio=Bucyrus, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galion,_Ohio=Galion, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beachwood,_Ohio=Beachwood, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Village,_Ohio=Bay Village, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedford,_Ohio=Bedford, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedford_Heights,_Ohio=Bedford Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berea,_Ohio=Berea, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadview_Heights,_Ohio=Broadview Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brecksville,_Ohio=Brecksville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brook_Park,_Ohio=Brook Park, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn,_Ohio=Brooklyn, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Cleveland,_Ohio=East Cleveland, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Heights,_Ohio=Cleveland Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid,_Ohio=Euclid, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairview_Park,_Ohio=Fairview Park, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_Heights,_Ohio=Garfield Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Heights,_Ohio=Highland Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence,_Ohio=Independence, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakewood,_Ohio=Lakewood, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Heights,_Ohio=Maple Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndhurst,_Ohio=Lyndhurst, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayfield_Heights,_Ohio=Mayfield Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleburg_Heights,_Ohio=Middleburg Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olmsted_Falls,_Ohio=Olmsted Falls, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Royalton,_Ohio=North Royalton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Heights,_Ohio=Richmond Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepper_Pike,_Ohio=Pepper Pike, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parma_Heights,_Ohio=Parma Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parma,_Ohio=Parma, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Hills,_Ohio=Seven Hills, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_River,_Ohio=Rocky River, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaker_Heights,_Ohio=Shaker Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Euclid,_Ohio=South Euclid, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strongsville,_Ohio=Strongsville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Heights,_Ohio=University Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrensville_Heights,_Ohio=Warrensville Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solon,_Ohio=Solon, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westlake,_Ohio=Westlake, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_Ohio=Greenville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defiance,_Ohio=Defiance, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware,_Ohio=Delaware, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell,_Ohio=Powell, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron,_Ohio=Huron, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bexley,_Ohio=Bexley, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandview_Heights,_Ohio=Grandview Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grove_City,_Ohio=Grove City, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groveport,_Ohio=Groveport, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gahanna,_Ohio=Gahanna, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilliard,_Ohio=Hilliard, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Albany,_Ohio=New Albany, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehall,_Ohio=Whitehall, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Arlington,_Ohio=Upper Arlington, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington,_Ohio=Worthington, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wauseon,_Ohio=Wauseon, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chardon,_Ohio=Chardon, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellbrook,_Ohio=Bellbrook, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattiesburg,_Mississippi=Hattiesburg, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairborn,_Ohio=Fairborn, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beavercreek,_Ohio=Beavercreek, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenia,_Ohio=Xenia, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge,_Ohio=Cambridge, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Ash,_Ohio=Blue Ash, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheviot,_Ohio=Cheviot, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Park,_Ohio=Deer Park, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Park,_Ohio=Forest Park, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_Ohio=Harrison, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeira,_Ohio=Madeira, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Healthy,_Ohio=Mount Healthy, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery,_Ohio=Montgomery, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_College_Hill,_Ohio=North College Hill, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwood,_Ohio=Norwood, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Ohio=Reading, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springdale,_Ohio=Springdale, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Hill,_Ohio=Indian Hill, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming,_Ohio=Wyoming, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Findlay,_Ohio=Findlay, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenton,_Ohio=Kenton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon,_Ohio=Napoleon, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsboro,_Ohio=Hillsboro, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan,_Ohio=Logan, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard,_Ohio=Willard, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwalk,_Ohio=Norwalk, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Ohio=Jackson, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellston,_Ohio=Wellston, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto,_Ohio=Toronto, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steubenville,_Ohio=Steubenville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_Ohio=Mount Vernon, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastlake,_Ohio=Eastlake, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirtland,_Ohio=Kirtland, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentor,_Ohio=Mentor, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentor-on-the-Lake,_Ohio=Mentor-on-the-Lake, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willoughby,_Ohio=Willoughby, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wickliffe,_Ohio=Wickliffe, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painesville,_Ohio=Painesville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willowick,_Ohio=Willowick, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willoughby_Hills,_Ohio=Willoughby Hills, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironton,_Ohio=Ironton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heath,_Ohio=Heath, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pataskala,_Ohio=Pataskala, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_Ohio=Newark, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellefontaine,_Ohio=Bellefontaine, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amherst,_Ohio=Amherst, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon,_Ohio=Avon, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elyria,_Ohio=Elyria, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Lake,_Ohio=Avon Lake, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorain,_Ohio=Lorain, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_Lake,_Ohio=Sheffield Lake, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Ridgeville,_Ohio=North Ridgeville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberlin,_Ohio=Oberlin, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maumee,_Ohio=Maumee, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon,_Ohio=Oregon, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvania,_Ohio=Sylvania, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterville,_Ohio=Waterville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell,_Ohio=Campbell, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canfield,_Ohio=Canfield, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Struthers,_Ohio=Struthers, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Ohio=Marion, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunswick,_Ohio=Brunswick, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medina,_Ohio=Medina, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadsworth,_Ohio=Wadsworth, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celina,_Ohio=Celina, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipp_City,_Ohio=Tipp City, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piqua,_Ohio=Piqua, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_Ohio=Troy, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookville,_Ohio=Brookville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton,_Ohio=Clayton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Englewood,_Ohio=Englewood, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Ohio=Centerville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germantown,_Ohio=Germantown, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine,_Ohio=Moraine, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miamisburg,_Ohio=Miamisburg, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakwood,_Montgomery_County,_Ohio=Oakwood, Montgomery County, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside,_Ohio=Riverside, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trotwood,_Ohio=Trotwood, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandalia,_Ohio=Vandalia, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Carrollton,_Ohio=West Carrollton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanesville,_Ohio=Zanesville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Clinton,_Ohio=Port Clinton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circleville,_Ohio=Circleville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Ohio=Aurora, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenna,_Ohio=Ravenna, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streetsboro,_Ohio=Streetsboro, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaton,_Ohio=Eaton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby,_Ohio=Shelby, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario,_Ohio=Ontario, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chillicothe,_Ohio=Chillicothe, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_Ohio=Fremont, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde,_Ohio=Clyde, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield,_Ohio=Mansfield, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth,_Ohio=Portsmouth, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffin,_Ohio=Tiffin, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney,_Ohio=Sidney, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal_Fulton,_Ohio=Canal Fulton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton,_Ohio=Canton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Ohio=Louisville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Canton,_Ohio=North Canton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massillon,_Ohio=Massillon, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barberton,_Ohio=Barberton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuyahoga_Falls,_Ohio=Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green,_Ohio=Green, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairlawn,_Ohio=Fairlawn, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson,_Ohio=Hudson, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Franklin,_Ohio=New Franklin, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macedonia,_Ohio=Macedonia, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munroe_Falls,_Ohio=Munroe Falls, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akron,_Ohio=Akron, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stow,_Ohio=Stow, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortland,_Ohio=Cortland, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubbard,_Ohio=Hubbard, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girard,_Ohio=Girard, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_Falls,_Ohio=Newton Falls, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niles,_Ohio=Niles, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren,_Ohio=Warren, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover,_Ohio=Dover, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Philadelphia,_Ohio=New Philadelphia, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marysville,_Ohio=Marysville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uhrichsville,_Ohio=Uhrichsville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Wert,_Ohio=Van Wert, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Ohio=Franklin, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon,_Ohio=Lebanon, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason,_Ohio=Mason, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belpre,_Ohio=Belpre, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marietta,_Ohio=Marietta, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orrville,_Ohio=Orrville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooster,_Ohio=Wooster, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan,_Ohio=Bryan, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_Green,_Ohio=Bowling Green, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwood,_Ohio=Northwood, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perrysburg,_Ohio=Perrysburg, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossford,_Ohio=Rossford, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Sandusky,_Ohio=Upper Sandusky, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stilwell,_Oklahoma=Stilwell, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee,_Oklahoma=Cherokee, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atoka,_Oklahoma=Atoka, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erick,_Oklahoma=Erick, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayre,_Oklahoma=Sayre, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_City,_Oklahoma=Elk City, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watonga,_Oklahoma=Watonga, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durant,_Oklahoma=Durant, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport,_Oklahoma=Bridgeport, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anadarko,_Oklahoma=Anadarko, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustang,_Oklahoma=Mustang, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Reno,_Oklahoma=El Reno, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon,_Oklahoma=Yukon, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Grove,_Oklahoma=Lone Grove, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healdton,_Oklahoma=Healdton, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardmore,_Oklahoma=Ardmore, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahlequah,_Oklahoma=Tahlequah, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boise_City,_Oklahoma=Boise City, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo,_Oklahoma=Hugo, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Oklahoma=Lexington, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble,_Oklahoma=Noble, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore,_Oklahoma=Moore, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coalgate,_Oklahoma=Coalgate, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrahoma,_Oklahoma=Centrahoma, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehigh,_Oklahoma=Lehigh, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupelo,_Oklahoma=Tupelo, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin,_Oklahoma=Elgin, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cache,_Oklahoma=Cache, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman,_Oklahoma=Norman, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawton,_Oklahoma=Lawton, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinita,_Oklahoma=Vinita, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristow,_Oklahoma=Bristow, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walters,_Oklahoma=Walters, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oilton,_Oklahoma=Oilton, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapulpa,_Oklahoma=Sapulpa, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas,_Oklahoma=Thomas, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weatherford,_Oklahoma=Weatherford, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grove,_Oklahoma=Grove, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay,_Oklahoma=Jay, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiling,_Oklahoma=Seiling, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garber,_Oklahoma=Garber, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay,_Oklahoma=Lindsay, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enid,_Oklahoma=Enid, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wynnewood,_Oklahoma=Wynnewood, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauls_Valley,_Oklahoma=Pauls Valley, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minco,_Oklahoma=Minco, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickasha,_Oklahoma=Chickasha, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuttle,_Oklahoma=Tuttle, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medford,_Oklahoma=Medford, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pond_Creek,_Oklahoma=Pond Creek, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangum,_Oklahoma=Mangum, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollis,_Oklahoma=Hollis, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stigler,_Oklahoma=Stigler, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holdenville,_Oklahoma=Holdenville, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetumka,_Oklahoma=Wetumka, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altus,_Oklahoma=Altus, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waurika,_Oklahoma=Waurika, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tishomingo,_Oklahoma=Tishomingo, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwell,_Oklahoma=Blackwell, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaw_City,_Oklahoma=Kaw City, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonkawa,_Oklahoma=Tonkawa, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingfisher,_Oklahoma=Kingfisher, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newkirk,_Oklahoma=Newkirk, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart,_Oklahoma=Hobart, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snyder,_Oklahoma=Snyder, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilburton,_Oklahoma=Wilburton, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavener,_Oklahoma=Heavener, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poteau,_Oklahoma=Poteau, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler,_Oklahoma=Chandler, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague,_Oklahoma=Prague, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Valley,_Oklahoma=Cedar Valley, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent,_Oklahoma=Crescent, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marietta,_Oklahoma=Marietta, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairview,_Oklahoma=Fairview, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madill,_Oklahoma=Madill, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guthrie,_Oklahoma=Guthrie, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pryor_Creek,_Oklahoma=Pryor Creek, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle,_Oklahoma=Newcastle, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Bow,_Oklahoma=Broken Bow, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idabel,_Oklahoma=Idabel, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eufaula,_Oklahoma=Eufaula, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulphur,_Oklahoma=Sulphur, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskogee,_Oklahoma=Muskogee, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry,_Oklahoma=Perry, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowata,_Oklahoma=Nowata, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okemah,_Oklahoma=Okemah, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany,_Oklahoma=Bethany, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_City,_Oklahoma=Del City, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrah,_Oklahoma=Harrah, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond,_Oklahoma=Edmond, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest_City,_Oklahoma=Midwest City, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichols_Hills,_Oklahoma=Nichols Hills, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicoma_Park,_Oklahoma=Nicoma Park, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer,_Oklahoma=Spencer, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village,_Oklahoma=The Village, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warr_Acres,_Oklahoma=Warr Acres, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris,_Oklahoma=Morris, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henryetta,_Oklahoma=Henryetta, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggs,_Oklahoma=Beggs, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okmulgee,_Oklahoma=Okmulgee, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnsdall,_Oklahoma=Barnsdall, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shidler,_Oklahoma=Shidler, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hominy,_Oklahoma=Hominy, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawhuska,_Oklahoma=Pawhuska, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commerce,_Oklahoma=Commerce, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami,_Oklahoma=Miami, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland,_Oklahoma=Cleveland, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawnee,_Oklahoma=Pawnee, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushing,_Oklahoma=Cushing, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale,_Oklahoma=Yale, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stillwater,_Oklahoma=Stillwater, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartshorne,_Oklahoma=Hartshorne, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haileyville,_Oklahoma=Haileyville, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkins,_Oklahoma=Perkins, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krebs,_Oklahoma=Krebs, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAlester,_Oklahoma=McAlester, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada,_Oklahoma=Ada, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLoud,_Oklahoma=McLoud, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecumseh,_Oklahoma=Tecumseh, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antlers,_Oklahoma=Antlers, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawnee,_Oklahoma=Shawnee, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claremore,_Oklahoma=Claremore, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konawa,_Oklahoma=Konawa, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seminole,_Oklahoma=Seminole, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wewoka,_Oklahoma=Wewoka, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sallisaw,_Oklahoma=Sallisaw, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comanche,_Oklahoma=Comanche, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan,_Oklahoma=Duncan, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlow,_Oklahoma=Marlow, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guymon,_Oklahoma=Guymon, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooker,_Oklahoma=Hooker, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick,_Oklahoma=Frederick, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandfield,_Oklahoma=Grandfield, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenpool,_Oklahoma=Glenpool, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenks,_Oklahoma=Jenks, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coweta,_Oklahoma=Coweta, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagoner,_Oklahoma=Wagoner, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewey,_Oklahoma=Dewey, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cordell,_Oklahoma=New Cordell, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waynoka,_Oklahoma=Waynoka, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodward,_Oklahoma=Woodward, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_City,_Oregon=Baker City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington,_Oregon=Huntington, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumpter,_Oregon=Sumpter, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haines,_Oregon=Haines, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richland,_Oregon=Richland, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfway,_Oregon=Halfway, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity,_Oregon=Unity, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adair_Village,_Oregon=Adair Village, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barlow,_Oregon=Barlow, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Oregon=Monroe, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canby,_Oregon=Canby, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estacada,_Oregon=Estacada, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philomath,_Oregon=Philomath, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Valley,_Oregon=Happy Valley, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_City,_Oregon=Johnson City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molalla,_Oregon=Molalla, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy,_Oregon=Sandy, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Linn,_Oregon=West Linn, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gearhart,_Oregon=Gearhart, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_Beach,_Oregon=Cannon Beach, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaside,_Oregon=Seaside, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrenton,_Oregon=Warrenton, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clatskanie,_Oregon=Clatskanie, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_City,_Oregon=Columbia City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainier,_Oregon=Rainier, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prescott,_Oregon=Prescott, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scappoose,_Oregon=Scappoose, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandon,_Oregon=Bandon, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Helens,_Oregon=St. Helens, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernonia,_Oregon=Vernonia, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeside,_Oregon=Lakeside, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coquille,_Oregon=Coquille, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coos_Bay,_Oregon=Coos Bay, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrtle_Point,_Oregon=Myrtle Point, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookings,_Oregon=Brookings, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prineville,_Oregon=Prineville, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powers,_Oregon=Powers, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bend,_Oregon=North Bend, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Beach,_Oregon=Gold Beach, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Orford,_Oregon=Port Orford, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Pine,_Oregon=La Pine, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redmond,_Oregon=Redmond, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters,_Oregon=Sisters, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drain,_Oregon=Drain, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyonville,_Oregon=Canyonville, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrtle_Creek,_Oregon=Myrtle Creek, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bend,_Oregon=Bend, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland,_Oregon=Oakland, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkton,_Oregon=Elkton, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reedsport,_Oregon=Reedsport, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendale,_Oregon=Glendale, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston,_Oregon=Winston, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riddle,_Oregon=Riddle, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseburg,_Oregon=Roseburg, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoncalla,_Oregon=Yoncalla, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington,_Oregon=Arlington, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condon,_Oregon=Condon, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonerock,_Oregon=Lonerock, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyon_City,_Oregon=Canyon City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayville,_Oregon=Dayville, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite,_Oregon=Granite, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Creek,_Oregon=Long Creek, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Day,_Oregon=John Day, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_Oregon=Mount Vernon, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monument,_Oregon=Monument, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_City,_Oregon=Prairie City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seneca,_Oregon=Seneca, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hines,_Oregon=Hines, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burns,_Oregon=Burns, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Locks,_Oregon=Cascade Locks, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hood_River,_Oregon=Hood River, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butte_Falls,_Oregon=Butte Falls, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Point,_Oregon=Central Point, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Point,_Oregon=Eagle Point, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Hill,_Oregon=Gold Hill, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Oregon=Jacksonville, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix,_Oregon=Phoenix, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talent,_Oregon=Talent, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_River,_Oregon=Rogue River, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metolius,_Oregon=Metolius, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madras,_Oregon=Madras, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culver,_Oregon=Culver, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medford,_Oregon=Medford, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_Junction,_Oregon=Cave Junction, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grants_Pass,_Oregon=Grants Pass, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiloquin,_Oregon=Chiloquin, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malin,_Oregon=Malin, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klamath_Falls,_Oregon=Klamath Falls, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill,_Oregon=Merrill, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paisley,_Oregon=Paisley, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coburg,_Oregon=Coburg, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeview,_Oregon=Lakeview, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottage_Grove,_Oregon=Cottage Grove, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creswell,_Oregon=Creswell, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunes_City,_Oregon=Dunes City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence,_Oregon=Florence, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell,_Oregon=Lowell, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction_City,_Oregon=Junction City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veneta,_Oregon=Veneta, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakridge,_Oregon=Oakridge, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Depoe_Bay,_Oregon=Depoe Bay, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfir,_Oregon=Westfir, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo,_Oregon=Toledo, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Oregon=Newport, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siletz,_Oregon=Siletz, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_City,_Oregon=Lincoln City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldport,_Oregon=Waldport, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon,_Oregon=Lebanon, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yachats,_Oregon=Yachats, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halsey,_Oregon=Halsey, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyons,_Oregon=Lyons, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg,_Oregon=Harrisburg, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millersburg,_Oregon=Millersburg, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scio,_Oregon=Scio, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsville,_Oregon=Brownsville, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodaville,_Oregon=Sodaville, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangent,_Oregon=Tangent, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo,_Oregon=Waterloo, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian,_Oregon=Adrian, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Home,_Oregon=Sweet Home, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyssa,_Oregon=Nyssa, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Valley,_Oregon=Jordan Valley, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario,_Oregon=Ontario, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aumsville,_Oregon=Aumsville, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Oregon=Aurora, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vale,_Oregon=Vale, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald,_Oregon=Donald, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit,_Oregon=Detroit, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gervais,_Oregon=Gervais, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubbard,_Oregon=Hubbard, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Oregon=Jefferson, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keizer,_Oregon=Keizer, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotts_Mills,_Oregon=Scotts Mills, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverton,_Oregon=Silverton, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul,_Oregon=St. Paul, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stayton,_Oregon=Stayton, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sublimity,_Oregon=Sublimity, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner,_Oregon=Turner, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heppner,_Oregon=Heppner, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boardman,_Oregon=Boardman, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodburn,_Oregon=Woodburn, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Oregon=Lexington, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ione,_Oregon=Ione, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irrigon,_Oregon=Irrigon, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairview,_Oregon=Fairview, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troutdale,_Oregon=Troutdale, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maywood_Park,_Oregon=Maywood Park, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gresham,_Oregon=Gresham, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_Village,_Oregon=Wood Village, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas,_Oregon=Dallas, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_City,_Oregon=Falls City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence,_Oregon=Independence, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_Valley,_Oregon=Grass Valley, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moro,_Oregon=Moro, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monmouth,_Oregon=Monmouth, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus,_Oregon=Rufus, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_City,_Oregon=Bay City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasco,_Oregon=Wasco, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garibaldi,_Oregon=Garibaldi, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nehalem,_Oregon=Nehalem, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzanita,_Oregon=Manzanita, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockaway_Beach,_Oregon=Rockaway Beach, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tillamook,_Oregon=Tillamook, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athena,_Oregon=Athena, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo,_Oregon=Echo, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams,_Oregon=Adams, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helix,_Oregon=Helix, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeler,_Oregon=Wheeler, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermiston,_Oregon=Hermiston, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton-Freewater,_Oregon=Milton-Freewater, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umatilla,_Oregon=Umatilla, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukiah,_Oregon=Ukiah, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Rock,_Oregon=Pilot Rock, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendleton,_Oregon=Pendleton, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cove,_Oregon=Cove, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanfield,_Oregon=Stanfield, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin,_Oregon=Elgin, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weston,_Oregon=Weston, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imbler,_Oregon=Imbler, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_City,_Oregon=Island City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande,_Oregon=La Grande, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerville,_Oregon=Summerville, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Oregon=Union, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Powder,_Oregon=North Powder, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph,_Oregon=Joseph, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lostine,_Oregon=Lostine, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise,_Oregon=Enterprise, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antelope,_Oregon=Antelope, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallowa,_Oregon=Wallowa, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosier,_Oregon=Mosier, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dufur,_Oregon=Dufur, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maupin,_Oregon=Maupin, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaniko,_Oregon=Shaniko, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banks,_Oregon=Banks, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Grove,_Oregon=Forest Grove, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_City,_Oregon=King City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston,_Oregon=Gaston, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius,_Oregon=Cornelius, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Plains,_Oregon=North Plains, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham,_Oregon=Durham, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsboro,_Oregon=Hillsboro, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell,_Oregon=Mitchell, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherwood,_Oregon=Sherwood, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spray,_Oregon=Spray, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fossil,_Oregon=Fossil, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafayette,_Oregon=Lafayette, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundee,_Oregon=Dundee, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton,_Oregon=Carlton, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton,_Oregon=Dayton, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity,_Oregon=Amity, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMinnville,_Oregon=McMinnville, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamhill,_Oregon=Yamhill, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newberg,_Oregon=Newberg, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan,_Oregon=Sheridan, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKeesport,_Pennsylvania=McKeesport, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliquippa,_Pennsylvania=Aliquippa, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Falls,_Pennsylvania=Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Pennsylvania=Reading, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyomissing,_Pennsylvania=Wyomissing, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altoona,_Pennsylvania=Altoona, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_Pennsylvania=Butler, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coatesville,_Pennsylvania=Coatesville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuBois,_Pennsylvania=DuBois, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadville,_Pennsylvania=Meadville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titusville,_Pennsylvania=Titusville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Marys,_Pennsylvania=St. Marys, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corry,_Pennsylvania=Corry, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie,_Pennsylvania=Erie, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connellsville,_Pennsylvania=Connellsville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniontown,_Pennsylvania=Uniontown, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbondale,_Pennsylvania=Carbondale, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scranton,_Pennsylvania=Scranton, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Castle,_Pennsylvania=New Castle, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon,_Pennsylvania=Lebanon, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazleton,_Pennsylvania=Hazleton, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanticoke,_Pennsylvania=Nanticoke, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittston,_Pennsylvania=Pittston, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford,_Pennsylvania=Bradford, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamsport,_Pennsylvania=Williamsport, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrell,_Pennsylvania=Farrell, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermitage,_Pennsylvania=Hermitage, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon,_Pennsylvania=Sharon, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamokin,_Pennsylvania=Shamokin, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pottsville,_Pennsylvania=Pottsville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_City,_Pennsylvania=Oil City, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren,_Pennsylvania=Warren, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monongahela,_Pennsylvania=Monongahela, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Pennsylvania=Washington, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold,_Pennsylvania=Arnold, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Burrell,_Pennsylvania=Lower Burrell, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensburg,_Pennsylvania=Greensburg, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannette,_Pennsylvania=Jeannette, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York,_Pennsylvania=York, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick,_Rhode_Island=Warwick, Rhode Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranston,_Rhode_Island=Cranston, Rhode Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Falls,_Rhode_Island=Central Falls, Rhode Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Providence,_Rhode_Island=East Providence, Rhode Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawtucket,_Rhode_Island=Pawtucket, Rhode Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woonsocket,_Rhode_Island=Woonsocket, Rhode Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbeville,_South_Carolina=Abbeville, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Ellenton,_South_Carolina=New Ellenton, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiken,_South_Carolina=Aiken, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belton,_South_Carolina=Belton, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson,_South_Carolina=Anderson, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamberg,_South_Carolina=Bamberg, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark,_South_Carolina=Denmark, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnwell,_South_Carolina=Barnwell, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaufort,_South_Carolina=Beaufort, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanahan,_South_Carolina=Hanahan, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folly_Beach,_South_Carolina=Folly Beach, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_Palms,_South_Carolina=Isle of Palms, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester,_South_Carolina=Chester, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaffney,_South_Carolina=Gaffney, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McBee,_South_Carolina=McBee, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manning,_South_Carolina=Manning, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walterboro,_South_Carolina=Walterboro, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlington,_South_Carolina=Darlington, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartsville,_South_Carolina=Hartsville, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillon,_South_Carolina=Dillon, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnsonville,_South_Carolina=Johnsonville, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_City,_South_Carolina=Lake City, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence,_South_Carolina=Florence, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_South_Carolina=Georgetown, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauldin,_South_Carolina=Mauldin, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpsonville,_South_Carolina=Simpsonville, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelers_Rest,_South_Carolina=Travelers Rest, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_South_Carolina=Greenville, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood,_South_Carolina=Greenwood, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway,_South_Carolina=Conway, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loris,_South_Carolina=Loris, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Myrtle_Beach,_South_Carolina=North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrtle_Beach,_South_Carolina=Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden,_South_Carolina=Camden, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardeeville,_South_Carolina=Hardeeville, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_South_Carolina=Lancaster, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_South_Carolina=Clinton, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurens,_South_Carolina=Laurens, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishopville,_South_Carolina=Bishopville, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cayce,_South_Carolina=Cayce, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Columbia,_South_Carolina=West Columbia, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_South_Carolina=Marion, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullins,_South_Carolina=Mullins, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennettsville,_South_Carolina=Bennettsville, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newberry,_South_Carolina=Newberry, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster,_South_Carolina=Westminster, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walhalla,_South_Carolina=Walhalla, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangeburg,_South_Carolina=Orangeburg, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easley,_South_Carolina=Easley, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty,_South_Carolina=Liberty, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickens,_South_Carolina=Pickens, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Acres,_South_Carolina=Forest Acres, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landrum,_South_Carolina=Landrum, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inman,_South_Carolina=Inman, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellford,_South_Carolina=Wellford, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodruff,_South_Carolina=Woodruff, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartanburg,_South_Carolina=Spartanburg, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumter,_South_Carolina=Sumter, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonesville,_South_Carolina=Jonesville, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_South_Carolina=Union, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tega_Cay,_South_Carolina=Tega Cay, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Hill,_South_Carolina=Rock Hill, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Lake,_South_Dakota=White Lake, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York,_South_Carolina=York, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plankinton,_South_Dakota=Plankinton, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron,_South_Dakota=Huron, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin,_South_Dakota=Martin, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon,_South_Dakota=Avon, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyndall,_South_Dakota=Tyndall, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland,_South_Dakota=Scotland, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce,_South_Dakota=Bruce, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_South_Dakota=Springfield, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkton,_South_Dakota=Elkton, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White,_South_Dakota=White, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volga,_South_Dakota=Volga, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookings,_South_Dakota=Brookings, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia,_South_Dakota=Columbia, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick,_South_Dakota=Frederick, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groton,_South_Dakota=Groton, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hecla,_South_Dakota=Hecla, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamberlain,_South_Dakota=Chamberlain, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimball,_South_Dakota=Kimball, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Fourche,_South_Dakota=Belle Fourche, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newell,_South_Dakota=Newell, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herreid,_South_Dakota=Herreid, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geddes,_South_Dakota=Geddes, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Andes,_South_Dakota=Lake Andes, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platte,_South_Dakota=Platte, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagner,_South_Dakota=Wagner, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark,_South_Dakota=Clark, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Lake,_South_Dakota=Willow Lake, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermillion,_South_Dakota=Vermillion, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown,_South_Dakota=Watertown, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McIntosh,_South_Dakota=McIntosh, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custer,_South_Dakota=Custer, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLaughlin,_South_Dakota=McLaughlin, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_South_Dakota=Mount Vernon, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell,_South_Dakota=Mitchell, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol,_South_Dakota=Bristol, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waubay,_South_Dakota=Waubay, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster,_South_Dakota=Webster, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Lake,_South_Dakota=Clear Lake, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary,_South_Dakota=Gary, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timber_Lake,_South_Dakota=Timber Lake, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armour,_South_Dakota=Armour, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corsica,_South_Dakota=Corsica, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delmont,_South_Dakota=Delmont, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowdle,_South_Dakota=Bowdle, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosmer,_South_Dakota=Hosmer, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscoe,_South_Dakota=Roscoe, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipswich,_South_Dakota=Ipswich, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgemont,_South_Dakota=Edgemont, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Springs,_South_Dakota=Hot Springs, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faulkton,_South_Dakota=Faulkton, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Stone_City,_South_Dakota=Big Stone City, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milbank,_South_Dakota=Milbank, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonesteel,_South_Dakota=Bonesteel, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burke,_South_Dakota=Burke, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory,_South_Dakota=Gregory, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip,_South_Dakota=Philip, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryant,_South_Dakota=Bryant, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castlewood,_South_Dakota=Castlewood, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estelline,_South_Dakota=Estelline, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller,_South_Dakota=Miller, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Norden,_South_Dakota=Lake Norden, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria,_South_Dakota=Alexandria, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emery,_South_Dakota=Emery, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeman,_South_Dakota=Freeman, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menno,_South_Dakota=Menno, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blunt,_South_Dakota=Blunt, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripp,_South_Dakota=Tripp, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkston,_South_Dakota=Parkston, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadoka,_South_Dakota=Kadoka, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wessington_Springs,_South_Dakota=Wessington Springs, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdo,_South_Dakota=Murdo, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highmore,_South_Dakota=Highmore, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Smet,_South_Dakota=De Smet, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Preston,_South_Dakota=Lake Preston, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldham,_South_Dakota=Oldham, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_South_Dakota=Madison, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_City,_South_Dakota=Central City, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lead,_South_Dakota=Lead, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitewood,_South_Dakota=Whitewood, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadwood,_South_Dakota=Deadwood, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennox,_South_Dakota=Lennox, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton,_South_Dakota=Canton, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spearfish,_South_Dakota=Spearfish, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea,_South_Dakota=Tea, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg,_South_Dakota=Harrisburg, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthing,_South_Dakota=Worthing, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presho,_South_Dakota=Presho, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britton,_South_Dakota=Britton, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veblen,_South_Dakota=Veblen, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgewater,_South_Dakota=Bridgewater, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrose,_South_Dakota=Montrose, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer,_South_Dakota=Spencer, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canistota,_South_Dakota=Canistota, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_South_Dakota=Salem, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka,_South_Dakota=Eureka, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leola,_South_Dakota=Leola, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_River,_South_Dakota=White River, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturgis,_South_Dakota=Sturgis, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carthage,_South_Dakota=Carthage, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon,_South_Dakota=Brandon, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colton,_South_Dakota=Colton, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Rapids,_South_Dakota=Dell Rapids, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooks,_South_Dakota=Crooks, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic,_South_Dakota=Baltic, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith,_South_Dakota=Faith, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard,_South_Dakota=Howard, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford,_South_Dakota=Hartford, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garretson,_South_Dakota=Garretson, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Springs,_South_Dakota=Valley Springs, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egan,_South_Dakota=Egan, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colman,_South_Dakota=Colman, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flandreau,_South_Dakota=Flandreau, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Underwood,_South_Dakota=New Underwood, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_City,_South_Dakota=Hill City, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettysburg,_South_Dakota=Gettysburg, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemmon,_South_Dakota=Lemmon, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_City,_South_Dakota=Rapid City, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisseton,_South_Dakota=Sisseton, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmot,_South_Dakota=Wilmot, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woonsocket,_South_Dakota=Woonsocket, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conde,_South_Dakota=Conde, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton,_South_Dakota=Ashton, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doland,_South_Dakota=Doland, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfort,_South_Dakota=Frankfort, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellette,_South_Dakota=Mellette, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redfield,_South_Dakota=Redfield, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Pierre,_South_Dakota=Fort Pierre, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onida,_South_Dakota=Onida, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission,_South_Dakota=Mission, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winner,_South_Dakota=Winner, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_South_Dakota=Centerville, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_South_Dakota=Marion, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker,_South_Dakota=Parker, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viborg,_South_Dakota=Viborg, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcester,_South_Dakota=Alcester, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_South_Dakota=Jefferson, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Point,_South_Dakota=Elk Point, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sioux_City,_South_Dakota=North Sioux City, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurley,_South_Dakota=Hurley, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selby,_South_Dakota=Selby, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobridge,_South_Dakota=Mobridge, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dupree,_South_Dakota=Dupree, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Tennessee=Clinton, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankton,_South_Dakota=Yankton, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norris,_Tennessee=Norris, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelbyville,_Tennessee=Shelbyville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikeville,_Tennessee=Pikeville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden,_Tennessee=Camden, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcoa,_Tennessee=Alcoa, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendsville,_Tennessee=Friendsville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Tennessee=Louisville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockford,_Tennessee=Rockford, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryville,_Tennessee=Maryville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston,_Tennessee=Charleston, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townsend,_Tennessee=Townsend, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland,_Tennessee=Cleveland, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jellico,_Tennessee=Jellico, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaFollette,_Tennessee=LaFollette, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson,_Tennessee=Henderson, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_View,_Tennessee=Pleasant View, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celina,_Tennessee=Celina, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabethton,_Tennessee=Elizabethton, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Tennessee=Newport, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells,_Tennessee=Bells, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_Tennessee=Manchester, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendship,_Tennessee=Friendship, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Orchard,_Tennessee=Crab Orchard, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossville,_Tennessee=Crossville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Meade,_Tennessee=Belle Meade, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Hill,_Tennessee=Berry Hill, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Hills,_Tennessee=Forest Hills, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Hill,_Tennessee=Oak Hill, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsons,_Tennessee=Parsons, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithville,_Tennessee=Smithville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickson,_Tennessee=Dickson, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallaway,_Tennessee=Gallaway, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyersburg,_Tennessee=Dyersburg, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow,_Tennessee=Moscow, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piperton,_Tennessee=Piperton, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allardt,_Tennessee=Allardt, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown,_Tennessee=Jamestown, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowan,_Tennessee=Cowan, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decherd,_Tennessee=Decherd, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williston,_Tennessee=Williston, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester,_Tennessee=Winchester, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medina,_Tennessee=Medina, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyer,_Tennessee=Dyer, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorkville,_Tennessee=Yorkville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan,_Tennessee=Milan, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton,_Tennessee=Trenton, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkton,_Tennessee=Elkton, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minor_Hill,_Tennessee=Minor Hill, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulaski,_Tennessee=Pulaski, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tusculum,_Tennessee=Tusculum, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coalmont,_Tennessee=Coalmont, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collegedale,_Tennessee=Collegedale, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruetli-Laager,_Tennessee=Gruetli-Laager, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Ridge,_Tennessee=East Ridge, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakesite,_Tennessee=Lakesite, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgeside,_Tennessee=Ridgeside, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bank,_Tennessee=Red Bank, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soddy-Daisy,_Tennessee=Soddy-Daisy, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolivar,_Tennessee=Bolivar, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Tennessee=Middleton, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crump,_Tennessee=Crump, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah,_Tennessee=Savannah, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsville,_Tennessee=Brownsville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkers_Crossroads,_Tennessee=Parkers Crossroads, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_Hill,_Tennessee=Church Hill, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puryear,_Tennessee=Puryear, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington,_Tennessee=Lexington, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris,_Tennessee=Paris, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Johnsonville,_Tennessee=New Johnsonville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McEwen,_Tennessee=McEwen, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin,_Tennessee=Erin, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baneberry,_Tennessee=Baneberry, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waverly,_Tennessee=Waverly, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_City,_Tennessee=Jefferson City, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayetteville,_Tennessee=Fayetteville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley,_Tennessee=Ripley, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretto,_Tennessee=Loretto, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrenceburg,_Tennessee=Lawrenceburg, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph,_Tennessee=Saint Joseph, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenoir_City,_Tennessee=Lenoir City, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia,_Tennessee=Philadelphia, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knoxville,_Tennessee=Knoxville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafayette,_Tennessee=Lafayette, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Boiling_Springs,_Tennessee=Red Boiling Springs, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medon,_Tennessee=Medon, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Way,_Tennessee=Three Way, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenback,_Tennessee=Greenback, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Tennessee=Jackson, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hope,_Tennessee=New Hope, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pittsburg,_Tennessee=South Pittsburg, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitwell,_Tennessee=Whitwell, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant,_Tennessee=Mount Pleasant, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisburg,_Tennessee=Lewisburg, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia,_Tennessee=Columbia, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens,_Tennessee=Athens, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etowah,_Tennessee=Etowah, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niota,_Tennessee=Niota, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finger,_Tennessee=Finger, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramer,_Tennessee=Ramer, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madisonville,_Tennessee=Madisonville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunbright,_Tennessee=Sunbright, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wartburg,_Tennessee=Wartburg, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Fulton,_Tennessee=South Fulton, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarksville,_Tennessee=Clarksville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_City,_Tennessee=Union City, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland_Mills,_Tennessee=Woodland Mills, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copperhill,_Tennessee=Copperhill, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobelville,_Tennessee=Lobelville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ducktown,_Tennessee=Ducktown, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algood,_Tennessee=Algood, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton,_Tennessee=Dayton, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookeville,_Tennessee=Cookeville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Tennessee=Kingston, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams,_Tennessee=Adams, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwood,_Tennessee=Rockwood, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Hill,_Tennessee=Cedar Hill, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlinda,_Tennessee=Orlinda, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Plains,_Tennessee=Cross Plains, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Tennessee=Springfield, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagleville,_Tennessee=Eagleville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vergne,_Tennessee=La Vergne, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murfreesboro,_Tennessee=Murfreesboro, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunlap,_Tennessee=Dunlap, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigeon_Forge,_Tennessee=Pigeon Forge, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatlinburg,_Tennessee=Gatlinburg, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevierville,_Tennessee=Sevierville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germantown,_Tennessee=Germantown, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millington,_Tennessee=Millington, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartlett,_Tennessee=Bartlett, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland,_Tennessee=Lakeland, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover,_Tennessee=Dover, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluff_City,_Tennessee=Bluff City, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol,_Tennessee=Bristol, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchellville,_Tennessee=Mitchellville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendersonville,_Tennessee=Hendersonville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Tennessee=Portland, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallatin,_Tennessee=Gallatin, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilt_Edge,_Tennessee=Gilt Edge, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covington,_Tennessee=Covington, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munford,_Tennessee=Munford, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luttrell,_Tennessee=Luttrell, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maynardville,_Tennessee=Maynardville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainview,_Tennessee=Plainview, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMinnville,_Tennessee=McMinnville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton,_Tennessee=Clifton, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collinwood,_Tennessee=Collinwood, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waynesboro,_Tennessee=Waynesboro, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenfield,_Tennessee=Greenfield, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin,_Tennessee=Martin, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparta,_Tennessee=Sparta, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairview,_Tennessee=Fairview, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentwood,_Tennessee=Brentwood, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Tennessee=Franklin, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon,_Tennessee=Lebanon, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Juliet,_Tennessee=Mount Juliet, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burke,_Texas=Burke, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson,_Texas=Hudson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrews,_Texas=Andrews, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palestine,_Texas=Palestine, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diboll,_Texas=Diboll, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington,_Texas=Huntington, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockport,_Texas=Rockport, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zavalla,_Texas=Zavalla, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufkin,_Texas=Lufkin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte,_Texas=Charlotte, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holliday,_Texas=Holliday, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archer_City,_Texas=Archer City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude,_Texas=Claude, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jourdanton,_Texas=Jourdanton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poteet,_Texas=Poteet, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industry,_Texas=Industry, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellville,_Texas=Bellville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasanton,_Texas=Pleasanton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallis,_Texas=Wallis, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sealy,_Texas=Sealy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandera,_Texas=Bandera, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muleshoe,_Texas=Muleshoe, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastrop,_Texas=Bastrop, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithville,_Texas=Smithville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour,_Texas=Seymour, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beeville,_Texas=Beeville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belton,_Texas=Belton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_River-Academy,_Texas=Little River-Academy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan's_Point_Resort,_Texas=Morgan's Point Resort, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killeen,_Texas=Killeen, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolanville,_Texas=Nolanville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Hills,_Texas=Castle Hills, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balcones_Heights,_Texas=Balcones Heights, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple,_Texas=Temple, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Forest,_Texas=Grey Forest, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_Texas=Troy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helotes,_Texas=Helotes, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmendorf,_Texas=Elmendorf, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse,_Texas=Converse, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Country_Village,_Texas=Hill Country Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirby,_Texas=Kirby, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shavano_Park,_Texas=Shavano Park, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Oak,_Texas=Live Oak, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset,_Texas=Somerset, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olmos_Park,_Texas=Olmos Park, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Valley,_Texas=Leon Valley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrell_Hills,_Texas=Terrell Hills, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanco,_Texas=Blanco, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_City,_Texas=Universal City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windcrest,_Texas=Windcrest, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_City,_Texas=Johnson City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan,_Texas=Morgan, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Springs,_Texas=Walnut Springs, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfills_Gap,_Texas=Cranfills Gap, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iredell,_Texas=Iredell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton,_Texas=Clifton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian,_Texas=Meridian, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooks,_Texas=Hooks, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Kalb,_Texas=De Kalb, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leary,_Texas=Leary, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud,_Texas=Maud, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nash,_Texas=Nash, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Boston,_Texas=New Boston, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Lick,_Texas=Red Lick, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redwater,_Texas=Redwater, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazoria,_Texas=Brazoria, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin,_Texas=Alvin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angleton,_Texas=Angleton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Village,_Texas=Wake Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texarkana,_Texas=Texarkana, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clute,_Texas=Clute, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookside_Village,_Texas=Brookside Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danbury,_Texas=Danbury, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeport,_Texas=Freeport, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool,_Texas=Liverpool, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Jackson,_Texas=Lake Jackson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyster_Creek,_Texas=Oyster Creek, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richwood,_Texas=Richwood, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfside_Beach,_Texas=Surfside Beach, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manvel,_Texas=Manvel, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweeny,_Texas=Sweeny, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Columbia,_Texas=West Columbia, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wixon_Valley,_Texas=Wixon Valley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan,_Texas=Bryan, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Station,_Texas=College Station, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine,_Texas=Alpine, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quitaque,_Texas=Quitaque, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverton,_Texas=Silverton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangs,_Texas=Bangs, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falfurrias,_Texas=Falfurrias, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snook,_Texas=Snook, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early,_Texas=Early, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram,_Texas=Bertram, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerville,_Texas=Somerville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell,_Texas=Caldwell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnet,_Texas=Burnet, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood_Shores,_Texas=Cottonwood Shores, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Shoals,_Texas=Granite Shoals, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownwood,_Texas=Brownwood, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadowlakes,_Texas=Meadowlakes, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Haven,_Texas=Highland Haven, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luling,_Texas=Luling, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martindale,_Texas=Martindale, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockhart,_Texas=Lockhart, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Lavaca,_Texas=Port Lavaca, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde,_Texas=Clyde, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seadrift,_Texas=Seadrift, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baird,_Texas=Baird, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Comfort,_Texas=Point Comfort, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Feria,_Texas=La Feria, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsville,_Texas=Brownsville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Fresnos,_Texas=Los Fresnos, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Isabel,_Texas=Port Isabel, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Valley,_Cameron_County,_Texas=Palm Valley, Cameron County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Hondo,_Texas=Rio Hondo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Benito,_Texas=San Benito, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburg,_Texas=Pittsburg, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta,_Texas=Atlanta, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_City,_Texas=Queen City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linden,_Texas=Linden, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart,_Texas=Hart, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimmitt,_Texas=Dimmitt, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cove,_Texas=Cove, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_River-Winfree,_Texas=Old River-Winfree, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_City,_Texas=Beach City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anahuac,_Texas=Anahuac, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallatin,_Texas=Gallatin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Summerfield,_Texas=New Summerfield, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusk,_Texas=Rusk, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Texas=Jacksonville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue,_Texas=Bellevue, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolly,_Texas=Jolly, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byers,_Texas=Byers, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean,_Texas=Dean, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrolia,_Texas=Petrolia, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta,_Texas=Henrietta, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childress,_Texas=Childress, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton,_Texas=Morton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lee,_Texas=Robert Lee, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman,_Texas=Coleman, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novice,_Texas=Novice, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna,_Texas=Anna, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celina,_Texas=Celina, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Ridge,_Texas=Blue Ridge, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowry_Crossing,_Texas=Lowry Crossing, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavon,_Texas=Lavon, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen,_Texas=Allen, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa,_Texas=Melissa, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmersville,_Texas=Farmersville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy,_Texas=Murphy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas,_Texas=Lucas, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinney,_Texas=McKinney, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker,_Texas=Parker, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_Texas=Princeton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada,_Texas=Nevada, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weston,_Texas=Weston, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington,_Texas=Wellington, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Lake,_Texas=Eagle Lake, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weimar,_Texas=Weimar, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Ridge,_Texas=Garden Ridge, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Texas=Columbus, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Leon,_Texas=De Leon, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulverde,_Texas=Bulverde, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden,_Texas=Eden, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callisburg,_Texas=Callisburg, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muenster,_Texas=Muenster, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainesville,_Texas=Gainesville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oglesby,_Texas=Oglesby, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatesville,_Texas=Gatesville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crane,_Texas=Crane, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosbyton,_Texas=Crosbyton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo,_Texas=Lorenzo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockrell_Hill,_Texas=Cockrell Hill, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeSoto,_Texas=DeSoto, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balch_Springs,_Texas=Balch Springs, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmers_Branch,_Texas=Farmers Branch, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchins,_Texas=Hutchins, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncanville,_Texas=Duncanville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving,_Texas=Irving, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Park,_Texas=University Park, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmer,_Texas=Wilmer, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Texas=Lancaster, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamesa,_Texas=Lamesa, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Ybanez,_Texas=Los Ybanez, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey,_Texas=Aubrey, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hereford,_Texas=Hereford, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argyle,_Texas=Argyle, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper,_Texas=Cooper, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corinth,_Texas=Corinth, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denton,_Texas=Denton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krugerville,_Texas=Krugerville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin,_Texas=Justin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Village,_Texas=Highland Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Dallas,_Texas=Lake Dallas, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krum,_Texas=Krum, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakewood_Village,_Texas=Lakewood Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Point,_Texas=Oak Point, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Elm,_Texas=Little Elm, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Point,_Texas=Pilot Point, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roanoke,_Texas=Roanoke, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanger,_Texas=Sanger, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordheim,_Texas=Nordheim, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuero,_Texas=Cuero, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickens,_Texas=Dickens, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorktown,_Texas=Yorktown, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spur,_Texas=Spur, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asherton,_Texas=Asherton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Wells,_Texas=Big Wells, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colony,_Texas=The Colony, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrizo_Springs,_Texas=Carrizo Springs, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howardwick,_Texas=Howardwick, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedley,_Texas=Hedley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon,_Texas=Clarendon, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benavides,_Texas=Benavides, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freer,_Texas=Freer, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastland,_Texas=Eastland, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cisco,_Texas=Cisco, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranger,_Texas=Ranger, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agua_Dulce,_El_Paso_County,_Texas=Agua Dulce, El Paso County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocksprings,_Texas=Rocksprings, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldsmith,_Texas=Goldsmith, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socorro,_Texas=Socorro, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_City,_Texas=Horizon City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Elizario,_Texas=San Elizario, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardwell,_Texas=Bardwell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennis,_Texas=Ennis, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett,_Texas=Garrett, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maypearl,_Texas=Maypearl, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Leaf,_Texas=Oak Leaf, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midlothian,_Texas=Midlothian, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecan_Hill,_Texas=Pecan Hill, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Oak,_Texas=Red Oak, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey,_Texas=Bailey, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Paso,_Texas=El Paso, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonham,_Texas=Bonham, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin,_Texas=Dublin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lott,_Texas=Lott, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waxahachie,_Texas=Waxahachie, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephenville,_Texas=Stephenville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosebud,_Texas=Rosebud, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlin,_Texas=Marlin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ector,_Texas=Ector, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_Grove,_Texas=Honey Grove, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenna,_Texas=Ravenna, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine,_Texas=Carmine, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savoy,_Texas=Savoy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayetteville,_Texas=Fayetteville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotan,_Texas=Rotan, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roby,_Texas=Roby, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton,_Texas=Trenton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcola,_Texas=Arcola, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowell,_Texas=Crowell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beasley,_Texas=Beasley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulshear,_Texas=Fulshear, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendleton,_Texas=Kendleton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Needville,_Texas=Needville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadows_Place,_Texas=Meadows Place, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchard,_Texas=Orchard, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Texas=Richmond, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simonton,_Texas=Simonton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenberg,_Texas=Rosenberg, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Texas=Fairfield, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Land,_Texas=Sugar Land, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teague,_Texas=Teague, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilley,_Texas=Dilley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seagraves,_Texas=Seagraves, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayou_Vista,_Texas=Bayou Vista, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seminole,_Texas=Seminole, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitchcock,_Texas=Hitchcock, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson,_Texas=Dickinson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Lake_Shores,_Texas=Clear Lake Shores, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearsall,_Texas=Pearsall, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica_Beach,_Texas=Jamaica Beach, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemah,_Texas=Kemah, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Marque,_Texas=La Marque, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe,_Texas=Santa Fe, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post,_Texas=Post, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredericksburg,_Texas=Fredericksburg, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goliad,_Texas=Goliad, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiley,_Texas=Smiley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonzales,_Texas=Gonzales, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waelder,_Texas=Waelder, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pampa,_Texas=Pampa, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchester,_Texas=Dorchester, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denison,_Texas=Denison, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadler,_Texas=Sadler, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southmayd,_Texas=Southmayd, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunter,_Texas=Gunter, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Bean,_Texas=Tom Bean, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman,_Texas=Sherman, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeport,_Texas=Lakeport, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitesboro,_Texas=Whitesboro, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Oak,_Texas=White Oak, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson,_Texas=Anderson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navasota,_Texas=Navasota, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Texas=Marion, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Mission,_Texas=Todd Mission, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Berlin,_Texas=New Berlin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clara,_Texas=Santa Clara, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_Center,_Texas=Hale Center, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainview,_Texas=Plainview, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey,_Texas=Turkey, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis,_Texas=Memphis, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seguin,_Texas=Seguin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruver,_Texas=Gruver, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Texas=Hamilton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chillicothe,_Texas=Chillicothe, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hico,_Texas=Hico, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quanah,_Texas=Quanah, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spearman,_Texas=Spearman, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kountze,_Texas=Kountze, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumberton,_Texas=Lumberton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Hill_Acres,_Texas=Rose Hill Acres, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silsbee,_Texas=Silsbee, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sour_Lake,_Texas=Sour Lake, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunker_Hill_Village,_Texas=Bunker Hill Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Park,_Texas=Deer Park, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellaire,_Texas=Bellaire, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Lago,_Texas=El Lago, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galena_Park,_Texas=Galena Park, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedwig_Village,_Texas=Hedwig Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilshire_Village,_Texas=Hilshire Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humble,_Texas=Humble, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunters_Creek_Village,_Texas=Hunters Creek Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacinto_City,_Texas=Jacinto City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan's_Point,_Texas=Morgan's Point, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Village,_Texas=Jersey Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Porte,_Texas=La Porte, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nassau_Bay,_Texas=Nassau Bay, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Houston,_Texas=South Houston, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piney_Point_Village,_Texas=Piney Point Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southside_Place,_Texas=Southside Place, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasadena,_Texas=Pasadena, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Lake_Village,_Texas=Taylor Lake Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Valley_Village,_Texas=Spring Valley Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbow_Lake,_Grant_County,_Minnesota=Elbow Lake, Grant County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster,_Texas=Webster, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottsville,_Texas=Scottsville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallsville,_Texas=Hallsville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncertain,_Texas=Uncertain, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_University_Place,_Texas=West University Place, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waskom,_Texas=Waskom, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channing,_Texas=Channing, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Texas=Marshall, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haskell,_Texas=Haskell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Brien,_Texas=O'Brien, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weinert,_Texas=Weinert, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hays,_Texas=Hays, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buda,_Texas=Buda, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle,_Texas=Kyle, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian,_Texas=Canadian, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimberley,_Texas=Wimberley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsboro,_Texas=Brownsboro, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodcreek,_Texas=Woodcreek, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_City,_Texas=Mountain City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens,_Texas=Athens, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler,_Texas=Chandler, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace,_Texas=Eustace, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Barrel_City,_Texas=Gun Barrel City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Log_Cabin,_Texas=Log Cabin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malakoff,_Texas=Malakoff, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore_Station,_Texas=Moore Station, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murchison,_Texas=Murchison, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool,_Texas=Tool, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Harbor,_Texas=Star Harbor, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poynor,_Texas=Poynor, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad,_Texas=Trinidad, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alton,_Texas=Alton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna,_Texas=Donna, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edcouch,_Texas=Edcouch, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granjeno,_Texas=Granjeno, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa,_Texas=Elsa, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidalgo,_Texas=Hidalgo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburg,_Texas=Edinburg, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Villa,_Texas=La Villa, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Joya,_Texas=La Joya, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes,_Texas=Mercedes, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission,_Texas=Mission, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAllen,_Texas=McAllen, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmview,_Texas=Palmview, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmhurst,_Texas=Palmhurst, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penitas,_Texas=Penitas, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharr,_Texas=Pharr, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progreso,_Texas=Progreso, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progreso_Lakes,_Texas=Progreso Lakes, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan,_Texas=San Juan, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_City,_Texas=Sullivan City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weslaco,_Texas=Weslaco, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquilla,_Texas=Aquilla, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott,_Texas=Abbott, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubbard,_Texas=Hubbard, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covington,_Texas=Covington, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsboro,_Texas=Hillsboro, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Calm,_Texas=Mount Calm, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itasca,_Texas=Itasca, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levelland,_Texas=Levelland, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundown,_Texas=Sundown, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipan,_Texas=Lipan, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolar,_Texas=Tolar, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granbury,_Texas=Granbury, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumby,_Texas=Cumby, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grapeland,_Texas=Grapeland, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crockett,_Texas=Crockett, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulphur_Springs,_Texas=Sulphur Springs, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latexo,_Texas=Latexo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennard,_Texas=Kennard, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovelady,_Texas=Lovelady, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsan,_Texas=Forsan, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Spring,_Texas=Big Spring, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_City,_Texas=Dell City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caddo_Mills,_Texas=Caddo Mills, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celeste,_Texas=Celeste, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell,_Texas=Campbell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commerce,_Texas=Commerce, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawk_Cove,_Texas=Hawk Cove, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Oak,_Texas=Lone Oak, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_Texas=Greenville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Tawakoni,_Texas=West Tawakoni, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stinnett,_Texas=Stinnett, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borger,_Texas=Borger, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinlan,_Texas=Quinlan, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfe_City,_Texas=Wolfe City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mertzon,_Texas=Mertzon, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryson,_Texas=Bryson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksboro,_Texas=Jacksboro, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna,_Texas=Edna, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ward,_Texas=La Ward, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganado,_Texas=Ganado, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper,_Texas=Jasper, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirbyville,_Texas=Kirbyville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bevil_Oaks,_Texas=Bevil Oaks, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browndell,_Texas=Browndell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China,_Texas=China, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Neches,_Texas=Port Neches, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groves,_Texas=Groves, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome,_Texas=Nome, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nederland,_Texas=Nederland, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaumont,_Texas=Beaumont, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Grove,_Texas=Orange Grove, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice,_Texas=Alice, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premont,_Texas=Premont, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briaroaks,_Texas=Briaroaks, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvarado,_Texas=Alvarado, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godley,_Texas=Godley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleburne,_Texas=Cleburne, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Vista,_Texas=Rio Vista, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keene,_Texas=Keene, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua,_Texas=Joshua, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandview,_Texas=Grandview, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anson,_Texas=Anson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawley,_Texas=Hawley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_City,_Texas=Falls City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnes_City,_Texas=Karnes City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood,_Kaufman_County,_Texas=Cottonwood, Kaufman County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenedy,_Texas=Kenedy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crandall,_Texas=Crandall, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forney,_Texas=Forney, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaufman,_Texas=Kaufman, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemp,_Texas=Kemp, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talty,_Texas=Talty, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayton,_Texas=Jayton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrell,_Texas=Terrell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingram,_Texas=Ingram, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brackettville,_Texas=Brackettville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction,_Texas=Junction, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spofford,_Texas=Spofford, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsville,_Texas=Kingsville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin,_Texas=Benjamin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerrville,_Texas=Kerrville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goree,_Texas=Goree, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encinal,_Texas=Encinal, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotulla,_Texas=Cotulla, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno,_Lamar_County,_Texas=Reno, Lamar County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munday,_Texas=Munday, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Valley,_Texas=Sun Valley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toco,_Texas=Toco, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blossom,_Texas=Blossom, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxton,_Texas=Roxton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth,_Texas=Earth, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempner,_Texas=Kempner, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lometa,_Texas=Lometa, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lampasas,_Texas=Lampasas, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallettsville,_Texas=Hallettsville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giddings,_Texas=Giddings, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiner,_Texas=Shiner, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_Texas=Buffalo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Texas=Centerville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leona,_Texas=Leona, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewett,_Texas=Jewett, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquez,_Texas=Marquez, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ames,_Texas=Ames, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisetta,_Texas=Daisetta, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland,_Texas=Cleveland, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton_Lakes,_Texas=Dayton Lakes, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardin,_Texas=Hardin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devers,_Texas=Devers, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton,_Texas=Dayton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty,_Texas=Liberty, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Cleveland,_Texas=North Cleveland, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_Grove,_Texas=Plum Grove, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groesbeck,_Texas=Groesbeck, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexia,_Texas=Mexia, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higgins,_Texas=Higgins, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_West,_Texas=George West, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Rivers,_Texas=Three Rivers, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_Beach_Village,_Texas=Sunrise Beach Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idalou,_Texas=Idalou, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llano,_Texas=Llano, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfforth,_Texas=Wolfforth, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madisonville,_Texas=Madisonville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway,_Texas=Midway, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Texas=Jefferson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahoka,_Texas=Tahoka, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaton,_Texas=Slaton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton,_Texas=Stanton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason,_Texas=Mason, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_City,_Texas=Bay City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palacios,_Texas=Palacios, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellmead,_Texas=Bellmead, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brady,_Texas=Brady, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy,_Texas=Leroy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacy_Lakeview,_Texas=Lacy Lakeview, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewitt,_Texas=Hewitt, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallsburg,_Texas=Hallsburg, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gholson,_Texas=Gholson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills,_Texas=Beverly Hills, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody,_Texas=Moody, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riesel,_Texas=Riesel, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross,_Texas=Ross, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodway,_Texas=Woodway, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West,_Texas=West, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hondo,_Texas=Hondo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devine,_Texas=Devine, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castroville,_Texas=Castroville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorena,_Texas=Lorena, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson,_Texas=Robinson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaCoste,_Texas=LaCoste, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalia,_Texas=Natalia, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menard,_Texas=Menard, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockdale,_Texas=Rockdale, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron,_Texas=Cameron, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westbrook,_Texas=Westbrook, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_City,_Texas=Colorado City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waco,_Texas=Waco, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conroe,_Texas=Conroe, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_and_Shoot,_Texas=Cut and Shoot, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie,_Texas=Bowie, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jo,_Texas=St. Jo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocona,_Texas=Nocona, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldthwaite,_Texas=Goldthwaite, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia,_Texas=Magnolia, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge_North,_Texas=Oak Ridge North, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_Village,_Texas=Panorama Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery,_Texas=Montgomery, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Forest,_Texas=Roman Forest, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patton_Village,_Texas=Patton Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenandoah,_Texas=Shenandoah, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splendora,_Texas=Splendora, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis,_Texas=Willis, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbranch,_Texas=Woodbranch, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cactus,_Texas=Cactus, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumas,_Texas=Dumas, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinehurst,_Montgomery_County,_Texas=Pinehurst, Montgomery County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunray,_Texas=Sunray, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaha,_Texas=Omaha, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleby,_Texas=Appleby, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chireno,_Texas=Chireno, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daingerfield,_Texas=Daingerfield, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star,_Texas=Lone Star, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushing,_Texas=Cushing, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrison,_Texas=Garrison, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus,_Texas=Angus, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry,_Texas=Barry, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corsicana,_Texas=Corsicana, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerens,_Texas=Kerens, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost,_Texas=Frost, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodlow,_Texas=Goodlow, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka,_Texas=Eureka, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nacogdoches,_Texas=Nacogdoches, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice,_Texas=Rice, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_Texas=Newton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agua_Dulce,_Nueces_County,_Texas=Agua Dulce, Nueces County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetwater,_Texas=Sweetwater, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driscoll,_Texas=Driscoll, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop,_Texas=Bishop, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petronila,_Texas=Petronila, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Aransas,_Texas=Port Aransas, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robstown,_Texas=Robstown, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian,_Texas=Adrian, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perryton,_Texas=Perryton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vega,_Texas=Vega, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Orange,_Texas=West Orange, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_City,_Texas=Rose City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidor,_Texas=Vidor, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange,_Texas=Orange, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinehurst,_Orange_County,_Texas=Pinehurst, Orange County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Forest,_Texas=Pine Forest, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon,_Texas=Gordon, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawn,_Texas=Strawn, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graford,_Texas=Graford, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckville,_Texas=Beckville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingus,_Texas=Mingus, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aledo,_Texas=Aledo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carthage,_Texas=Carthage, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool,_Texas=Cool, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Oaks,_Texas=Hudson Oaks, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springtown,_Texas=Springtown, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weatherford,_Texas=Weatherford, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Park,_Texas=Willow Park, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friona,_Texas=Friona, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farwell,_Texas=Farwell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Stockton,_Texas=Fort Stockton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraan,_Texas=Iraan, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodrich,_Texas=Goodrich, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onalaska,_Texas=Onalaska, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Oaks,_Texas=Seven Oaks, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Tawakoni,_Texas=East Tawakoni, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marfa,_Texas=Marfa, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidio,_Texas=Presidio, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point,_Texas=Point, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emory,_Texas=Emory, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyon,_Texas=Canyon, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Wood,_Texas=Camp Wood, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Lake,_Texas=Big Lake, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leakey,_Texas=Leakey, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogata,_Texas=Bogata, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecos,_Texas=Pecos, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austwell,_Texas=Austwell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarksville,_Texas=Clarksville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami,_Texas=Miami, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremond,_Texas=Bremond, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Texas=Franklin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balmorhea,_Texas=Balmorhea, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvert,_Texas=Calvert, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearne,_Texas=Hearne, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heath,_Texas=Heath, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate,_Texas=Fate, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_City,_Texas=Mobile City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLendon-Chisholm,_Texas=McLendon-Chisholm, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwall,_Texas=Rockwall, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Enterprise,_Texas=Mount Enterprise, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles,_Texas=Miles, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballinger,_Texas=Ballinger, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winters,_Texas=Winters, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson,_Texas=Henderson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_London,_Texas=New London, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemphill,_Texas=Hemphill, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldspring,_Texas=Coldspring, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pineland,_Texas=Pineland, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Augustine,_Texas=San Augustine, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Blank,_Texas=Point Blank, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepherd,_Texas=Shepherd, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory,_Texas=Gregory, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingleside_on_the_Bay,_Texas=Ingleside on the Bay, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathis,_Texas=Mathis, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odem,_Texas=Odem, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinton,_Texas=Sinton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul,_San_Patricio_County,_Texas=St. Paul, San Patricio County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taft,_Texas=Taft, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldorado,_Texas=Eldorado, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_Texas=Albany, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huxley,_Texas=Huxley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snyder,_Texas=Snyder, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timpson,_Texas=Timpson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford,_Texas=Stratford, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Saba,_Texas=San Saba, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arp,_Texas=Arp, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moran,_Texas=Moran, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindale,_Texas=Lindale, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texhoma,_Texas=Texhoma, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center,_Texas=Center, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Chapel_Hill,_Texas=New Chapel Hill, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noonday,_Texas=Noonday, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaquin,_Texas=Joaquin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehouse,_Texas=Whitehouse, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Rose,_Texas=Glen Rose, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler,_Texas=Tyler, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grulla,_Texas=La Grulla, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma,_Texas=Roma, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_City,_Texas=Rio Grande City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breckenridge,_Texas=Breckenridge, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_City,_Texas=Sterling City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonora,_Texas=Sonora, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kress,_Texas=Kress, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulia,_Texas=Tulia, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benbrook,_Texas=Benbrook, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Mound,_Texas=Blue Mound, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedford,_Texas=Bedford, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalworthington_Gardens,_Texas=Dalworthington Gardens, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleyville,_Texas=Colleyville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euless,_Texas=Euless, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Hill,_Texas=Forest Hill, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurst,_Texas=Hurst, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haltom_City,_Texas=Haltom City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keller,_Texas=Keller, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Worth,_Texas=Lake Worth, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Richland_Hills,_Texas=North Richland Hills, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennedale,_Texas=Kennedale, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican_Bay,_Texas=Pelican Bay, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Oaks,_Texas=River Oaks, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richland_Hills,_Texas=Richland Hills, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saginaw,_Texas=Saginaw, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sansom_Park,_Texas=Sansom Park, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westworth_Village,_Texas=Westworth Village, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watauga,_Texas=Watauga, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Settlement,_Texas=White Settlement, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownfield,_Texas=Brownfield, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuscola,_Texas=Tuscola, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tye,_Texas=Tye, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellman,_Texas=Wellman, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talco,_Texas=Talco, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant,_Texas=Mount Pleasant, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bee_Cave,_Texas=Bee Cave, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creedmoor,_Texas=Creedmoor, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonestown,_Texas=Jonestown, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Angelo,_Texas=San Angelo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lago_Vista,_Texas=Lago Vista, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeway,_Texas=Lakeway, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollingwood,_Texas=Rollingwood, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor,_Texas=Manor, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Valley,_Texas=Sunset Valley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Lake_Hills,_Texas=West Lake Hills, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groveton,_Texas=Groveton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colmesneil,_Texas=Colmesneil, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity,_Texas=Trinity, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ore_City,_Texas=Ore City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Grove,_Texas=Union Grove, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCamey,_Texas=McCamey, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Mountain,_Texas=East Mountain, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabinal,_Texas=Sabinal, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rankin,_Texas=Rankin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uvalde,_Texas=Uvalde, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Rio,_Texas=Del Rio, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van,_Texas=Van, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Saline,_Texas=Grand Saline, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edom,_Texas=Edom, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton,_Texas=Canton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruitvale,_Texas=Fruitvale, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wills_Point,_Texas=Wills Point, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside,_Texas=Riverside, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookshire,_Texas=Brookshire, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Waverly,_Texas=New Waverly, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattison,_Texas=Pattison, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria,_Texas=Victoria, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barstow,_Texas=Barstow, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_View,_Texas=Prairie View, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville,_Texas=Huntsville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hempstead,_Texas=Hempstead, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton,_Washington_County,_Texas=Burton, Washington County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenham,_Texas=Brenham, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cenizo,_Texas=El Cenizo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Bernard,_Texas=East Bernard, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Campo,_Texas=El Campo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Bravo,_Texas=Rio Bravo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton,_Texas=Wharton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laredo,_Texas=Laredo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Park,_Texas=Iowa Park, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkburnett,_Texas=Burkburnett, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electra,_Texas=Electra, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeler,_Texas=Wheeler, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobeetie,_Texas=Mobeetie, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamrock,_Texas=Shamrock, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon,_Texas=Vernon, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichita_Falls,_Texas=Wichita Falls, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyford,_Texas=Lyford, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymondville,_Texas=Raymondville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Perlita,_Texas=San Perlita, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence,_Texas=Florence, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granger,_Texas=Granger, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutto,_Texas=Hutto, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Hill,_Texas=Liberty Hill, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_Texas=Georgetown, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor,_Texas=Taylor, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weir,_Texas=Weir, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrall,_Texas=Thrall, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floresville,_Texas=Floresville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockdale,_Texas=Stockdale, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vernia,_Texas=La Vernia, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wink,_Texas=Wink, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermit,_Texas=Kermit, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Texas=Aurora, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Fairview,_Texas=New Fairview, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Bridgeport,_Texas=Lake Bridgeport, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico,_Texas=Chico, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport,_Texas=Bridgeport, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur,_Texas=Decatur, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise,_Texas=Paradise, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhome,_Texas=Rhome, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Bay,_Texas=Runaway Bay, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkins,_Texas=Hawkins, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quitman,_Texas=Quitman, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineola,_Texas=Mineola, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle,_Texas=Newcastle, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olney,_Texas=Olney, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham,_Texas=Graham, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_City,_Texas=Crystal City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northfield,_New_Jersey=Northfield, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford,_Utah=Milford, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasantville,_New_Jersey=Pleasantville, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_River_City,_Utah=Bear River City, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigham_City,_Utah=Brigham City, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somers_Point,_New_Jersey=Somers Point, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Republic,_New_Jersey=Port Republic, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield,_New_Jersey=Garfield, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackensack,_New_Jersey=Hackensack, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garland,_Utah=Garland, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeyville,_Utah=Honeyville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry,_Utah=Perry, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremonton,_Utah=Tremonton, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard,_Utah=Willard, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyrum,_Utah=Hyrum, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewiston,_Utah=Lewiston, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millville,_Utah=Millville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendon,_Utah=Mendon, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Logan,_Utah=North Logan, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nibley,_Utah=Nibley, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyde_Park,_Utah=Hyde Park, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan,_Utah=Logan, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Utah=Providence, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Utah=Richmond, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithfield,_Utah=Smithfield, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Heights,_Utah=River Heights, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellsville,_Utah=Wellsville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Carbon,_Utah=East Carbon, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helper,_Utah=Helper, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington,_Utah=Wellington, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Price,_Utah=Price, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunnyside,_Utah=Sunnyside, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bountiful,_Utah=Bountiful, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Utah=Centerville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Utah=Clinton, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearfield,_Utah=Clearfield, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruit_Heights,_Utah=Fruit Heights, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaysville,_Utah=Kaysville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layton,_Utah=Layton, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmington,_Utah=Farmington, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Weber,_Utah=South Weber, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset,_Utah=Sunset, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse,_Utah=Syracuse, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Point,_Utah=West Point, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Salt_Lake,_Utah=North Salt Lake, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bountiful,_Utah=West Bountiful, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woods_Cross,_Utah=Woods Cross, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myton,_Utah=Myton, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Dale,_Utah=Castle Dale, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchesne,_Utah=Duchesne, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt,_Utah=Roosevelt, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferron,_Utah=Ferron, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington,_Utah=Huntington, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangeville,_Utah=Orangeville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panguitch,_Utah=Panguitch, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escalante,_Utah=Escalante, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_City,_Utah=Cedar City, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moab,_Utah=Moab, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parowan,_Utah=Parowan, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enoch,_Utah=Enoch, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka,_Utah=Eureka, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona,_Utah=Mona, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nephi,_Utah=Nephi, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanab,_Utah=Kanab, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta,_Utah=Delta, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fillmore,_Utah=Fillmore, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan,_Utah=Morgan, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood_Heights,_Utah=Cottonwood Heights, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluffdale,_Utah=Bluffdale, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herriman,_Utah=Herriman, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holladay,_Utah=Holladay, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midvale,_Utah=Midvale, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverton,_Utah=Riverton, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy,_Utah=Sandy, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray,_Utah=Murray, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Jordan,_Utah=South Jordan, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylorsville,_Utah=Taylorsville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Valley_City,_Utah=West Valley City, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Salt_Lake,_Utah=South Salt Lake, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Jordan,_Utah=West Jordan, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanding,_Utah=Blanding, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello,_Utah=Monticello, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerfield,_Utah=Centerfield, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephraim,_Utah=Ephraim, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairview,_Utah=Fairview, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountain_Green,_Utah=Fountain Green, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnison,_Utah=Gunnison, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manti,_Utah=Manti, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moroni,_Utah=Moroni, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_City,_Utah=Spring City, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Utah=Aurora, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant,_Utah=Mount Pleasant, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Utah=Monroe, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salina,_Utah=Salina, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richfield,_Utah=Richfield, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coalville,_Utah=Coalville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamas,_Utah=Kamas, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakley,_Utah=Oakley, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantsville,_Utah=Grantsville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendover,_Utah=Wendover, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tooele,_Utah=Tooele, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples,_Utah=Naples, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine,_Utah=Alpine, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernal,_Utah=Vernal, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Hills,_Utah=Cedar Hills, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Fork,_Utah=American Fork, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Mountain,_Utah=Eagle Mountain, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Ridge,_Utah=Elk Ridge, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland,_Utah=Highland, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapleton,_Utah=Mapleton, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehi,_Utah=Lehi, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindon,_Utah=Lindon, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Grove,_Utah=Pleasant Grove, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payson,_Utah=Payson, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Utah=Salem, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santaquin,_Utah=Santaquin, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga_Springs,_Utah=Saratoga Springs, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Fork,_Utah=Spanish Fork, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland_Hills,_Utah=Woodland Hills, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heber_City,_Utah=Heber City, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway,_Utah=Midway, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise,_Utah=Enterprise, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hildale,_Utah=Hildale, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane,_Utah=Hurricane, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Verkin,_Utah=La Verkin, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivins,_Utah=Ivins, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clara,_Utah=Santa Clara, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toquerville,_Utah=Toquerville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Utah=Washington, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farr_West,_Utah=Farr West, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisville,_Utah=Harrisville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooper,_Utah=Hooper, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriott-Slaterville,_Utah=Marriott-Slaterville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George,_Utah=St. George, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_View,_Utah=Pleasant View, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Ogden,_Utah=North Ogden, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plain_City,_Utah=Plain City, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy,_Utah=Roy, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverdale,_Utah=Riverdale, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Ogden,_Utah=South Ogden, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Haven,_Utah=West Haven, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden,_Utah=Ogden, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uintah,_Utah=Uintah, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Terrace,_Utah=Washington Terrace, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vergennes,_Vermont=Vergennes, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Burlington,_Vermont=South Burlington, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winooski,_Vermont=Winooski, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othello,_Washington=Othello, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asotin,_Washington=Asotin, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritzville,_Washington=Ritzville, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkston,_Washington=Clarkston, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_City,_Washington=Benton City, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cashmere,_Washington=Cashmere, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entiat,_Washington=Entiat, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leavenworth,_Washington=Leavenworth, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelan,_Washington=Chelan, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosser,_Washington=Prosser, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Richland,_Washington=West Richland, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forks,_Washington=Forks, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenatchee,_Washington=Wenatchee, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequim,_Washington=Sequim, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Angeles,_Washington=Port Angeles, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Ground,_Washington=Battle Ground, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camas,_Washington=Camas, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washougal,_Washington=Washougal, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton,_Washington=Dayton, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelso,_Washington=Kelso, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Rock,_Washington=Castle Rock, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalama,_Washington=Kalama, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longview,_Washington=Longview, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport,_Washington=Bridgeport, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Wenatchee,_Washington=East Wenatchee, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Island,_Washington=Rock Island, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic,_Washington=Republic, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahlotus,_Washington=Kahlotus, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connell,_Washington=Connell, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa,_Washington=Mesa, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomeroy,_Washington=Pomeroy, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasco,_Washington=Pasco, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_City,_Washington=Electric City, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George,_Washington=George, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephrata,_Washington=Ephrata, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Coulee,_Washington=Grand Coulee, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattawa,_Washington=Mattawa, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Lake,_Washington=Moses Lake, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_City,_Washington=Royal City, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soap_Lake,_Washington=Soap Lake, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy,_Washington=Quincy, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warden,_Washington=Warden, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen,_Washington=Aberdeen, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmopolis,_Washington=Cosmopolis, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elma,_Washington=Elma, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoquiam,_Washington=Hoquiam, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCleary,_Washington=McCleary, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montesano,_Washington=Montesano, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakville,_Washington=Oakville, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Shores,_Washington=Ocean Shores, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westport,_Washington=Westport, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Harbor,_Washington=Oak Harbor, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langley,_Washington=Langley, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Townsend,_Washington=Port Townsend, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algona,_Washington=Algona, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Diamond,_Washington=Black Diamond, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue,_Washington=Bellevue, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnation,_Washington=Carnation, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burien,_Washington=Burien, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Hill,_Washington=Clyde Hill, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covington,_Washington=Covington, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Washington=Des Moines, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duvall,_Washington=Duvall, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Way,_Washington=Federal Way, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenmore,_Washington=Kenmore, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issaquah,_Washington=Issaquah, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Forest_Park,_Washington=Lake Forest Park, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent,_Washington=Kent, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkland,_Washington=Kirkland, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Valley,_Washington=Maple Valley, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medina,_Washington=Medina, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normandy_Park,_Washington=Normandy Park, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle,_Washington=Newcastle, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer_Island,_Washington=Mercer Island, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bend,_Washington=North Bend, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammamish,_Washington=Sammamish, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renton,_Washington=Renton, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tukwila,_Washington=Tukwila, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoqualmie,_Washington=Snoqualmie, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoreline,_Washington=Shoreline, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodinville,_Washington=Woodinville, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bainbridge_Island,_Washington=Bainbridge Island, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremerton,_Washington=Bremerton, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Orchard,_Washington=Port Orchard, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poulsbo,_Washington=Poulsbo, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cle_Elum,_Washington=Cle Elum, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kittitas,_Washington=Kittitas, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roslyn,_Washington=Roslyn, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingen,_Washington=Bingen, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Salmon,_Washington=White Salmon, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldendale,_Washington=Goldendale, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton,_Washington=Morton, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chehalis,_Washington=Chehalis, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mossyrock,_Washington=Mossyrock, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centralia,_Washington=Centralia, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo,_Washington=Toledo, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vader,_Washington=Vader, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winlock,_Washington=Winlock, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napavine,_Washington=Napavine, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrington,_Washington=Harrington, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davenport,_Washington=Davenport, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprague,_Washington=Sprague, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster,_Washington=Brewster, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanogan,_Washington=Okanogan, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oroville,_Washington=Oroville, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pateros,_Washington=Pateros, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonasket,_Washington=Tonasket, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omak,_Washington=Omak, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond,_Washington=Raymond, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilwaco,_Washington=Ilwaco, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach,_Washington=Long Beach, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Bend,_Washington=South Bend, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Washington=Newport, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonney_Lake,_Washington=Bonney Lake, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckley,_Washington=Buckley, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgewood,_Washington=Edgewood, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fife,_Washington=Fife, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fircrest,_Washington=Fircrest, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont,_Washington=DuPont, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gig_Harbor,_Washington=Gig Harbor, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orting,_Washington=Orting, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakewood,_Washington=Lakewood, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruston,_Washington=Ruston, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puyallup,_Washington=Puyallup, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy,_Washington=Roy, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Place,_Washington=University Place, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumner,_Washington=Sumner, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anacortes,_Washington=Anacortes, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacoma,_Washington=Tacoma, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Washington=Burlington, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedro-Woolley,_Washington=Sedro-Woolley, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevenson,_Washington=Stevenson, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bonneville,_Washington=North Bonneville, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon,_Washington=Mount Vernon, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington,_Washington=Arlington, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brier,_Washington=Brier, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Bar,_Washington=Gold Bar, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonds,_Washington=Edmonds, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Falls,_Washington=Granite Falls, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Stevens,_Washington=Lake Stevens, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynnwood,_Washington=Lynnwood, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marysville,_Washington=Marysville, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Creek,_Washington=Mill Creek, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountlake_Terrace,_Washington=Mountlake Terrace, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Washington=Monroe, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukilteo,_Washington=Mukilteo, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanwood,_Washington=Stanwood, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snohomish,_Washington=Snohomish, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan,_Washington=Sultan, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodway,_Washington=Woodway, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airway_Heights,_Washington=Airway Heights, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Park,_Washington=Deer Park, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Lake,_Washington=Medical Lake, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Lake,_Washington=Liberty Lake, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheney,_Washington=Cheney, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millwood,_Washington=Millwood, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spangle,_Washington=Spangle, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chewelah,_Washington=Chewelah, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colville,_Washington=Colville, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kettle_Falls,_Washington=Kettle Falls, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacey,_Washington=Lacey, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainier,_Washington=Rainier, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spokane,_Washington=Spokane, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumwater,_Washington=Tumwater, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenino,_Washington=Tenino, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelm,_Washington=Yelm, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Place,_Washington=College Place, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prescott,_Washington=Prescott, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waitsburg,_Washington=Waitsburg, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everson,_Washington=Everson, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla,_Washington=Walla Walla, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferndale,_Washington=Ferndale, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaine,_Washington=Blaine, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynden,_Washington=Lynden, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nooksack,_Washington=Nooksack, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumas,_Washington=Sumas, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colfax,_Washington=Colfax, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palouse,_Washington=Palouse, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pullman,_Washington=Pullman, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekoa,_Washington=Tekoa, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granger,_Washington=Granger, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandview,_Washington=Grandview, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabton,_Washington=Mabton, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moxee,_Washington=Moxee, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selah,_Washington=Selah, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tieton,_Washington=Tieton, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toppenish,_Washington=Toppenish, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunnyside,_Washington=Sunnyside, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wapato,_Washington=Wapato, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zillah,_Washington=Zillah, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Gap,_Washington=Union Gap, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belington,_West_Virginia=Belington, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippi,_West_Virginia=Philippi, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_West_Virginia=Madison, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinsburg,_West_Virginia=Martinsburg, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follansbee,_West_Virginia=Follansbee, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Hill,_West_Virginia=Oak Hill, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hope,_West_Virginia=Mount Hope, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petersburg,_West_Virginia=Petersburg, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisburg,_West_Virginia=Lewisburg, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Sulphur_Springs,_West_Virginia=White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronceverte,_West_Virginia=Ronceverte, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester,_West_Virginia=Chester, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cumberland,_West_Virginia=New Cumberland, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport,_West_Virginia=Bridgeport, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romney,_West_Virginia=Romney, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarksburg,_West_Virginia=Clarksburg, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinnston,_West_Virginia=Shinnston, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_West_Virginia=Salem, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonewood,_West_Virginia=Stonewood, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenswood,_West_Virginia=Ravenswood, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Town,_West_Virginia=Charles Town, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley,_West_Virginia=Ripley, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranson,_West_Virginia=Ranson, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunbar,_West_Virginia=Dunbar, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmet,_West_Virginia=Marmet, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Charleston,_West_Virginia=South Charleston, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Albans,_West_Virginia=St. Albans, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weston,_West_Virginia=Weston, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan,_West_Virginia=Logan, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannington,_West_Virginia=Mannington, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmont,_West_Virginia=Fairmont, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benwood,_West_Virginia=Benwood, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Valley,_Marion_County,_West_Virginia=Pleasant Valley, Marion County, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron,_West_Virginia=Cameron, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMechen,_West_Virginia=McMechen, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moundsville,_West_Virginia=Moundsville, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Pleasant,_West_Virginia=Point Pleasant, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary,_West_Virginia=Gary, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War,_West_Virginia=War, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welch,_West_Virginia=Welch, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone,_West_Virginia=Keystone, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefield,_West_Virginia=Bluefield, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keyser,_West_Virginia=Keyser, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_West_Virginia=Princeton, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamson,_West_Virginia=Williamson, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westover,_West_Virginia=Westover, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richwood,_West_Virginia=Richwood, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgantown,_West_Virginia=Morgantown, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Marys,_West_Virginia=St. Marys, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont,_West_Virginia=Belmont, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingwood,_West_Virginia=Kingwood, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane,_West_Virginia=Hurricane, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckley,_West_Virginia=Beckley, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkins,_West_Virginia=Elkins, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsboro,_West_Virginia=Pennsboro, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer,_West_Virginia=Spencer, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinton,_West_Virginia=Hinton, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton,_West_Virginia=Grafton, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsons,_West_Virginia=Parsons, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas,_West_Virginia=Thomas, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sistersville,_West_Virginia=Sistersville, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceredo,_West_Virginia=Ceredo, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckhannon,_West_Virginia=Buckhannon, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenova,_West_Virginia=Kenova, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Martinsville,_West_Virginia=New Martinsville, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna,_West_Virginia=Vienna, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullens,_West_Virginia=Mullens, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamstown,_West_Virginia=Williamstown, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkersburg,_West_Virginia=Parkersburg, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellen,_Wisconsin=Mellen, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Pere,_Wisconsin=De Pere, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_City,_Wisconsin=Buffalo City, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountain_City,_Wisconsin=Fountain City, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell,_Wisconsin=Cornell, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chippewa_Falls,_Wisconsin=Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley,_Wisconsin=Stanley, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood,_Wisconsin=Greenwood, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neillsville,_Wisconsin=Neillsville, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen,_Wisconsin=Owen, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage,_Wisconsin=Portage, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitchburg,_Wisconsin=Fitchburg, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monona,_Wisconsin=Monona, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoughton,_Wisconsin=Stoughton, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horicon,_Wisconsin=Horicon, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juneau,_Wisconsin=Juneau, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayville,_Wisconsin=Mayville, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altoona,_Wisconsin=Altoona, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta,_Wisconsin=Augusta, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Wisconsin=Lancaster, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brodhead,_Wisconsin=Brodhead, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markesan,_Wisconsin=Markesan, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurley,_Wisconsin=Hurley, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal,_Wisconsin=Montreal, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Atkinson,_Wisconsin=Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elroy,_Wisconsin=Elroy, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown,_Wisconsin=Watertown, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauston,_Wisconsin=Mauston, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Lisbon,_Wisconsin=New Lisbon, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algoma,_Wisconsin=Algoma, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenosha,_Wisconsin=Kenosha, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kewaunee,_Wisconsin=Kewaunee, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Crosse,_Wisconsin=La Crosse, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schofield,_Wisconsin=Schofield, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marinette,_Wisconsin=Marinette, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cudahy,_Wisconsin=Cudahy, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenfield,_Wisconsin=Greenfield, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendale,_Wisconsin=Glendale, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Creek,_Wisconsin=Oak Creek, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Milwaukee,_Wisconsin=South Milwaukee, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis,_Wisconsin=St. Francis, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Allis,_Wisconsin=West Allis, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wauwatosa,_Wisconsin=Wauwatosa, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhinelander,_Wisconsin=Rhinelander, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mequon,_Wisconsin=Mequon, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prescott,_Wisconsin=Prescott, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amery,_Wisconsin=Amery, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Falls,_Wisconsin=Park Falls, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillips,_Wisconsin=Phillips, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racine,_Wisconsin=Racine, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richland_Center,_Wisconsin=Richland Center, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evansville,_Wisconsin=Evansville, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawano,_Wisconsin=Shawano, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenwood_City,_Wisconsin=Glenwood City, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Richmond,_Wisconsin=New Richmond, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair,_Wisconsin=Blair, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galesville,_Wisconsin=Galesville, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osseo,_Wisconsin=Osseo, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence,_Wisconsin=Independence, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehall,_Wisconsin=Whitehall, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westby,_Wisconsin=Westby, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_River,_Wisconsin=Eagle River, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkhorn,_Wisconsin=Elkhorn, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Geneva,_Wisconsin=Lake Geneva, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Lake,_Wisconsin=Shell Lake, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskego,_Wisconsin=Muskego, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Berlin,_Wisconsin=New Berlin, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clintonville,_Wisconsin=Clintonville, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manawa,_Wisconsin=Manawa, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsville,_Wisconsin=Pittsville, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nekoosa,_Wisconsin=Nekoosa, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin_Rapids,_Wisconsin=Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laramie,_Wyoming=Laramie, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawlins,_Wyoming=Rawlins, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas,_Wyoming=Douglas, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lander,_Wyoming=Lander, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverton,_Wyoming=Riverton, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrington,_Wyoming=Torrington, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_Wyoming=Buffalo, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemmerer,_Wyoming=Kemmerer, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cody,_Wyoming=Cody, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell,_Wyoming=Powell, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan,_Wyoming=Sheridan, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_River,_Wyoming=Green River, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Springs,_Wyoming=Rock Springs, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evanston,_Wyoming=Evanston, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle,_Wyoming=Newcastle, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worland,_Wyoming=Worland, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbottabad=Abbottabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford,_Wisconsin=Hartford, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshfield,_Wisconsin=Marshfield, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Deer,_Alberta=Red Deer, Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spokane_Valley,_Washington=Spokane Valley, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbin=Harbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiamen=Xiamen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hefei=Hefei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oran=Oran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunbury,_Western_Australia=Bunbury, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremantle=Fremantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kragujevac=Kragujevac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermosillo=Hermosillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaozhou=Chaozhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozan,_Adana=Kozan, Adana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsumoto,_Nagano=Matsumoto, Nagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chigasaki,_Kanagawa=Chigasaki, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osijek=Osijek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vukovar=Vukovar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slatina,_Croatia=Slatina, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisak=Sisak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dortmund=Dortmund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danbury,_Connecticut=Danbury, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zwingle,_Iowa=Zwingle, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ackley,_Iowa=Ackley, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dows,_Iowa=Dows, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenandoah,_Iowa=Shenandoah, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabor,_Iowa=Tabor, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford,_Iowa=Stratford, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riceville,_Iowa=Riceville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_City,_Iowa=Forest City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_English,_Iowa=North English, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Verne,_Iowa=Lu Verne, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor,_Iowa=Victor, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coppock,_Iowa=Coppock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilmore_City,_Iowa=Gilmore City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchellville,_Iowa=Mitchellville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bevington,_Iowa=Bevington, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bend,_Iowa=West Bend, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_City,_Iowa=Barnes City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddyville,_Iowa=Eddyville, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walcott,_Iowa=Walcott, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon,_Iowa=Sheldon, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Grand,_Iowa=Le Grand, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearfield,_Iowa=Clearfield, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby,_Iowa=Shelby, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_City,_Iowa=Shannon City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlisle,_Iowa=Carlisle, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabetha,_Kansas=Sabetha, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton,_Kansas=Clifton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson,_Kansas=Simpson, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vining,_Kansas=Vining, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geuda_Springs,_Kansas=Geuda Springs, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton,_Kansas=Clayton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sioux_City,_Iowa=Sioux City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakley,_Kansas=Oakley, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon,_Kansas=Solomon, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedgwick,_Kansas=Sedgwick, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herington,_Kansas=Herington, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonner_Springs,_Kansas=Bonner Springs, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Quivira,_Kansas=Lake Quivira, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Marys,_Kansas=St. Marys, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard,_Kansas=Willard, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulvane,_Kansas=Mulvane, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germantown,_Kentucky=Germantown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walton,_Kentucky=Walton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction_City,_Kentucky=Junction City, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan,_Kansas=Manhattan, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamstown,_Kentucky=Williamstown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparta,_Kentucky=Sparta, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Springs,_Kentucky=Dawson Springs, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corinth,_Kentucky=Corinth, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasureville,_Kentucky=Pleasureville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton,_Kentucky=Upton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muldraugh,_Kentucky=Muldraugh, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospect,_Kentucky=Prospect, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbin,_Kentucky=Corbin, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eubank,_Kentucky=Eubank, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Airy,_Maryland=Mount Airy, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shreveport,_Louisiana=Shreveport, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Haven,_Michigan=South Haven, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Michigan=Holland, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland,_Michigan=Midland, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare,_Michigan=Clare, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Ledge,_Michigan=Grand Ledge, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niles,_Michigan=Niles, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lansing,_Michigan=East Lansing, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_City,_Michigan=Brown City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traverse_City,_Michigan=Traverse City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northville,_Michigan=Northville, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Pointe_Shores,_Michigan=Grosse Pointe Shores, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan,_Michigan=Milan, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis,_Michigan=Memphis, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Michigan=Richmond, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Lake_Park,_Minnesota=Spring Lake Park, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royalton,_Minnesota=Royalton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ortonville,_Minnesota=Ortonville, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_Lake,_Minnesota=Minnesota Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sartell,_Minnesota=Sartell, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaine,_Minnesota=Blaine, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankato,_Minnesota=Mankato, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comfrey,_Minnesota=Comfrey, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Mankato,_Minnesota=North Mankato, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanhassen,_Minnesota=Chanhassen, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Cloud,_Minnesota=St. Cloud, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motley,_Minnesota=Motley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Falls,_Minnesota=Granite Falls, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings,_Minnesota=Hastings, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellechester,_Minnesota=Bellechester, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blooming_Prairie,_Minnesota=Blooming Prairie, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osakis,_Minnesota=Osakis, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northfield,_Minnesota=Northfield, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_City,_Minnesota=Lake City, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennison,_Minnesota=Dennison, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Island,_Minnesota=Pine Island, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton,_Minnesota=Dayton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockford,_Minnesota=Rockford, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover,_Minnesota=Hanover, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Crescent,_Minnesota=La Crescent, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braham,_Minnesota=Braham, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt,_Minnesota=Roosevelt, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elysian,_Minnesota=Elysian, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Sueur,_Minnesota=Le Sueur, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Prague,_Minnesota=New Prague, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Valley,_Minnesota=Eden Valley, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ormsby,_Minnesota=Ormsby, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_Minnesota=Princeton, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothsay,_Minnesota=Rothsay, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadena,_Minnesota=Wadena, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper,_Minnesota=Jasper, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooten,_Minnesota=Brooten, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Bear_Lake,_Minnesota=White Bear Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redwood_Falls,_Minnesota=Redwood Falls, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staples,_Minnesota=Staples, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater,_Minnesota=Clearwater, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw,_Mississippi=Shaw, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneiska,_Minnesota=Minneiska, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwyn,_Mississippi=Baldwyn, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumberton,_Mississippi=Lumberton, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greentop,_Missouri=Greentop, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centralia,_Missouri=Centralia, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drexel,_Missouri=Drexel, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandalia,_Missouri=Vandalia, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monett,_Missouri=Monett, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gower,_Missouri=Gower, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osage_Beach,_Missouri=Osage Beach, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dearborn,_Missouri=Dearborn, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richland,_Missouri=Richland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Ozark,_Missouri=Lake Ozark, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_City,_Missouri=Scott City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Girardeau,_Missouri=Cape Girardeau, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow,_Missouri=Glasgow, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marceline,_Missouri=Marceline, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee's_Summit,_Missouri=Lee's Summit, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excelsior_Estates,_Missouri=Excelsior Estates, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excelsior_Springs,_Missouri=Excelsior Springs, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawson,_Missouri=Lawson, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holt,_Missouri=Holt, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Creek,_Missouri=Sugar Creek, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Missouri=Springfield, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilman_City,_Missouri=Gilman City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osborn,_Missouri=Osborn, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunker,_Missouri=Bunker, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan,_Missouri=Sullivan, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron,_Missouri=Cameron, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence,_Missouri=Independence, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific,_Missouri=Pacific, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackburn,_Missouri=Blackburn, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogersville,_Missouri=Rogersville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor,_Missouri=Windsor, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bland,_Missouri=Bland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browning,_Missouri=Browning, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joplin,_Missouri=Joplin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma,_Missouri=Emma, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miner,_Missouri=Miner, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal,_Missouri=Hannibal, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portageville,_Missouri=Portageville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_City,_Missouri=Monroe City, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle,_Missouri=Belle, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summersville,_Missouri=Summersville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foristell,_Missouri=Foristell, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branson,_Missouri=Branson, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikeston,_Missouri=Sikeston, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilden,_Nebraska=Tilden, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakefield,_Nebraska=Wakefield, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newman_Grove,_Nebraska=Newman Grove, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Rancho,_New_Mexico=Rio Rancho, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory,_North_Carolina=Hickory, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mebane,_North_Carolina=Mebane, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locust,_North_Carolina=Locust, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Mountain,_North_Carolina=Kings Mountain, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_City,_North_Carolina=Elizabeth City, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomasville,_North_Carolina=Thomasville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Point,_North_Carolina=High Point, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archdale,_North_Carolina=Archdale, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King,_North_Carolina=King, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham,_North_Carolina=Durham, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saluda,_North_Carolina=Saluda, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarles,_North_Dakota=Sarles, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilton,_North_Dakota=Wilton, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandin,_North_Dakota=Grandin, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enderlin,_North_Dakota=Enderlin, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_City,_North_Dakota=Tower City, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds,_North_Dakota=Reynolds, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehr,_North_Dakota=Lehr, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphos,_Ohio=Delphos, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Ohio=Monroe, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middletown,_Ohio=Middletown, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharonville,_Ohio=Sharonville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbiana,_Ohio=Columbiana, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loveland,_Ohio=Loveland, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford,_Ohio=Milford, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue,_Ohio=Bellevue, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin,_Ohio=Dublin, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westerville,_Ohio=Westerville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal_Winchester,_Ohio=Canal Winchester, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermilion,_Ohio=Vermilion, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickerington,_Ohio=Pickerington, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynoldsburg,_Ohio=Reynoldsburg, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kettering,_Ohio=Kettering, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fostoria,_Ohio=Fostoria, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance,_Ohio=Alliance, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rittman,_Ohio=Rittman, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huber_Heights,_Ohio=Huber Heights, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youngstown,_Ohio=Youngstown, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springboro,_Ohio=Springboro, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallmadge,_Ohio=Tallmadge, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Ohio=Union, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton,_Ohio=Norton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geary,_Oklahoma=Geary, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedmont,_Oklahoma=Piedmont, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purcell,_Oklahoma=Purcell, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumright,_Oklahoma=Drumright, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannford,_Oklahoma=Mannford, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroud,_Oklahoma=Stroud, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Oklahoma=Clinton, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis,_Oklahoma=Davis, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanchard,_Oklahoma=Blanchard, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartlesville,_Oklahoma=Bartlesville, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponca_City,_Oklahoma=Ponca City, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_Springs,_Oklahoma=Sand Springs, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud,_Oklahoma=Maud, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catoosa,_Oklahoma=Catoosa, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collinsville,_Oklahoma=Collinsville, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bixby,_Oklahoma=Bixby, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenhorn,_Oregon=Greenhorn, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owasso,_Oklahoma=Owasso, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Arrow,_Oklahoma=Broken Arrow, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivergrove,_Oregon=Rivergrove, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukie,_Oregon=Milwaukie, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tualatin,_Oregon=Tualatin, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsa,_Oklahoma=Tulsa, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_Oregon=Albany, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willamina,_Oregon=Willamina, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates,_Oregon=Gates, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_City,_Oregon=Mill City, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idanha,_Oregon=Idanha, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilsonville,_Oregon=Wilsonville, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Augusta,_South_Carolina=North Augusta, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethlehem,_Pennsylvania=Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clemson,_South_Carolina=Clemson, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Creek,_South_Carolina=Goose Creek, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesnee,_South_Carolina=Chesnee, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountain_Inn,_South_Carolina=Fountain Inn, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Charleston,_South_Carolina=North Charleston, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greer,_South_Carolina=Greer, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iroquois,_South_Dakota=Iroquois, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington,_South_Dakota=Arlington, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wessington,_South_Dakota=Wessington, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene,_South_Dakota=Irene, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Butte,_South_Dakota=Eagle Butte, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_Elder,_South_Dakota=Box Elder, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beresford,_South_Dakota=Beresford, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Top,_Tennessee=Rocky Top, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watauga,_Tennessee=Watauga, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sioux_Falls,_South_Dakota=Sioux Falls, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge,_Tennessee=Oak Ridge, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKenzie,_Tennessee=McKenzie, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_City,_Tennessee=Johnson City, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodlettsville,_Tennessee=Goodlettsville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tullahoma,_Tennessee=Tullahoma, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgetop,_Tennessee=Ridgetop, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Junction,_Tennessee=Grand Junction, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt,_Tennessee=Humboldt, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardmore,_Tennessee=Ardmore, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morristown,_Tennessee=Morristown, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_City,_Tennessee=Iron City, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsport,_Tennessee=Kingsport, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Hill,_Tennessee=Spring Hill, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House,_Tennessee=White House, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynchburg,_Tennessee=Lynchburg, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetwater,_Tennessee=Sweetwater, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millersville,_Tennessee=Millersville, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriman,_Tennessee=Harriman, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland,_Texas=Scotland, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lytle,_Texas=Lytle, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aransas_Pass,_Texas=Aransas Pass, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin,_Texas=Elgin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartlett,_Texas=Bartlett, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustang_Ridge,_Texas=Mustang Ridge, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cibolo,_Texas=Cibolo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copperas_Cove,_Texas=Copperas Cove, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Mills,_Texas=Valley Mills, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Oaks_Ranch,_Texas=Fair Oaks Ranch, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niederwald,_Texas=Niederwald, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseshoe_Bay,_Texas=Horseshoe Bay, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selma,_Texas=Selma, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schertz,_Texas=Schertz, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uhland,_Texas=Uhland, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Springs,_Texas=Hughes Springs, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marcos,_Texas=San Marcos, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabrook,_Texas=Seabrook, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reklaw,_Texas=Reklaw, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoreacres,_Texas=Shoreacres, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont_Belvieu,_Texas=Mont Belvieu, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baytown,_Texas=Baytown, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troup,_Texas=Troup, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_City,_Texas=Texas City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwell,_Texas=Blackwell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine,_Texas=Josephine, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrollton,_Texas=Carrollton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garland,_Texas=Garland, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royse_City,_Texas=Royse City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richardson,_Texas=Richardson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plano,_Texas=Plano, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachse,_Texas=Sachse, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylie,_Texas=Wylie, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combine,_Texas=Combine, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGregor,_Texas=McGregor, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Alstyne,_Texas=Van Alstyne, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Braunfels,_Texas=New Braunfels, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Prairie,_Texas=Grand Prairie, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhart,_Texas=Dalhart, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coppell,_Texas=Coppell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grapevine,_Texas=Grapevine, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferris,_Texas=Ferris, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Heights,_Texas=Glenn Heights, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesquite,_Texas=Mesquite, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovilla,_Texas=Ovilla, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seagoville,_Texas=Seagoville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowlett,_Texas=Rowlett, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ackerly,_Texas=Ackerly, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisville,_Texas=Lewisville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haslet,_Texas=Haslet, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecan_Gap,_Texas=Pecan Gap, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southlake,_Texas=Southlake, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoakum,_Texas=Yoakum, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego,_Texas=San Diego, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruceville-Eddy,_Texas=Bruceville-Eddy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield,_Texas=Mansfield, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitewright,_Texas=Whitewright, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlin,_Texas=Hamlin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa,_Texas=Odessa, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy,_Texas=Katy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnsboro,_Texas=Winnsboro, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stafford,_Texas=Stafford, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easton,_Texas=Easton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendswood,_Texas=Friendswood, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarksville_City,_Texas=Clarksville City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nixon,_Texas=Nixon, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri_City,_Texas=Missouri City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/League_City,_Texas=League City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladewater,_Texas=Gladewater, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilgore,_Texas=Kilgore, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_City,_Texas=Warren City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waller,_Texas=Waller, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomball,_Texas=Tomball, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longview,_Texas=Longview, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Points,_Texas=Seven Points, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamford,_Texas=Stamford, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritch,_Texas=Fritch, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burleson,_Texas=Burleson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Arthur,_Texas=Port Arthur, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lueders,_Texas=Lueders, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deport,_Texas=Deport, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowley,_Texas=Crowley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mart,_Texas=Mart, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorndale,_Texas=Thorndale, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abilene,_Texas=Abilene, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingleside,_Texas=Ingleside, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corpus_Christi,_Texas=Corpus Christi, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Texas=Portland, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Patricio,_Texas=San Patricio, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral_Wells,_Texas=Mineral Wells, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azle,_Texas=Azle, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatum,_Texas=Tatum, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland,_Texas=Midland, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_Texas=Newark, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overton,_Texas=Overton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Park,_Texas=Cedar Park, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leander,_Texas=Leander, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pflugerville,_Texas=Pflugerville, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monahans,_Texas=Monahans, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarillo,_Texas=Amarillo, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_River,_Utah=Green River, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draper,_Utah=Draper, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Rock,_Texas=Round Rock, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_City,_Utah=Park City, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland,_Washington=Woodland, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bothell,_Washington=Bothell, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Washington=Auburn, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton,_Washington=Milton, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enumclaw,_Washington=Enumclaw, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific,_Washington=Pacific, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weirton,_West_Virginia=Weirton, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery,_West_Virginia=Montgomery, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitro,_West_Virginia=Nitro, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paden_City,_West_Virginia=Paden City, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiel,_Wisconsin=Kiel, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotsford,_Wisconsin=Abbotsford, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeling,_West_Virginia=Wheeling, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleton,_Wisconsin=Appleton, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgerton,_Wisconsin=Edgerton, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba_City,_Wisconsin=Cuba City, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eau_Claire,_Wisconsin=Eau Claire, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_London,_Wisconsin=New London, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford,_Connecticut=Milford, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Grove,_Jackson_County,_Missouri=Oak Grove, Jackson County, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno,_Parker_County,_Texas=Reno, Parker County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menasha,_Wisconsin=Menasha, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waupun,_Wisconsin=Waupun, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitewater,_Wisconsin=Whitewater, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Wisconsin=Marion, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salzgitter=Salzgitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quetzaltenango=Quetzaltenango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xalapa=Xalapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul,_Missouri=St. Paul, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Peters,_Missouri=St. Peters, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulbarga=Gulbarga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangzhou=Hangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brampton=Brampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississauga=Mississauga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Town,_Penang=George Town, Penang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baguio=Baguio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pune=Pune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luoyang=Luoyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur=Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thane=Thane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muntinlupa=Muntinlupa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengdu=Chengdu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmundston=Edmundston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miramichi,_New_Brunswick=Miramichi, New Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieppe,_New_Brunswick=Dieppe, New Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathurst,_New_Brunswick=Bathurst, New Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbellton,_New_Brunswick=Campbellton, New Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaunas=Kaunas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Plymouth=New Plymouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podgorica=Podgorica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belize_City=Belize City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_British_Columbia=Richmond, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoke-on-Trent=Stoke-on-Trent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essen=Essen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey,_British_Columbia=Surrey, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamworth,_New_South_Wales=Tamworth, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anshan=Anshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byblos=Byblos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palai=Palai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puebla,_Puebla=Puebla, Puebla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subotica=Subotica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arqa=Arqa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon=Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guelph=Guelph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall,_Ontario=Cornwall, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleville,_Ontario=Belleville, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrie=Barrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brantford=Brantford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brockville=Brockville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Ontario=Burlington, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge,_Ontario=Cambridge, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dryden,_Ontario=Dryden, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Lake=Elliot Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenora=Kenora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bochum=Bochum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelsenkirchen=Gelsenkirchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagen=Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamm=Hamm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patiala=Patiala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markham,_Ontario=Markham, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herne,_North_Rhine-Westphalia=Herne, North Rhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krefeld=Krefeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leverkusen=Leverkusen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrissur=Thrissur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_Falls,_Ontario=Niagara Falls, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenyang=Shenyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bielefeld=Bielefeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orillia=Orillia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshawa=Oshawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Sound=Owen Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guanajuato,_Guanajuato=Guanajuato, Guanajuato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izamal=Izamal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jena=Jena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerash=Jerash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila=Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akita,_Akita=Akita, Akita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwalior=Gwalior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morwell,_Victoria=Morwell, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madurai=Madurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbatore=Coimbatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiruchirappalli=Tiruchirappalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halle_(Saale)=Halle (Saale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens,_Georgia=Athens, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trakai=Trakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daugavpils=Daugavpils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saguenay,_Quebec=Saguenay, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longueuil=Longueuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorval=Dorval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmount,_Quebec=Westmount, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampstead,_Quebec=Hampstead, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane=Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuyao=Yuyao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemnitz=Chemnitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campeche,_Campeche=Campeche, Campeche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_del_Carmen=Ciudad del Carmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardez=Gardez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuxtla,_Chiapas=Tuxtla, Chiapas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapachula=Tapachula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oaxaca,_Oaxaca=Oaxaca, Oaxaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babol=Babol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morelia=Morelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matamoros,_Tamaulipas=Matamoros, Tamaulipas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunming=Kunming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_George,_British_Columbia=Prince George, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funabashi,_Chiba=Funabashi, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlaxcala,_Tlaxcala=Tlaxcala, Tlaxcala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikrit=Tikrit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsinchu=Hsinchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mombasa=Mombasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braintree,_Massachusetts=Braintree, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samarra=Samarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narashino=Narashino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ta'if=Ta'if
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changsha=Changsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IJmuiden=IJmuiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luang_Prabang=Luang Prabang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khon_Kaen=Khon Kaen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erlangen=Erlangen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palembang=Palembang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakse=Pakse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhon_Ratchasima=Nakhon Ratchasima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakodate,_Hokkaido=Hakodate, Hokkaido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimoda,_Shizuoka=Shimoda, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunhuang=Dunhuang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnaby=Burnaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weyburn=Weyburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushehr=Bushehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Rai_(city)=Chiang Rai (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue,_Quebec=Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laval,_Quebec=Laval, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandvika=Sandvika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswego,_New_York=Oswego, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito=Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makati=Makati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udon_Thani=Udon Thani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Ain=Al Ain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valmiera=Valmiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surabaya=Surabaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaoshan=Shaoshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherbrooke=Sherbrooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guayaquil=Guayaquil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uji,_Kyoto=Uji, Kyoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Bay,_Wisconsin=Green Bay, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Royal=Port Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chihuahua_City=Chihuahua City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmiya=Salmiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahawalpur=Bahawalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartago,_Costa_Rica=Cartago, Costa Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartago,_Valle_del_Cauca=Cartago, Valle del Cauca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cholula,_Puebla=Cholula, Puebla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunduz=Kunduz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelowna=Kelowna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catharines=St. Catharines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Bay=Thunder Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotsford,_British_Columbia=Abbotsford, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timmins=Timmins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock,_Ontario=Woodstock, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford,_Ontario=Stratford, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debrecen=Debrecen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaughan=Vaughan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isfahan=Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camrose,_Alberta=Camrose, Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickering,_Ontario=Pickering, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterborough,_Ontario=Peterborough, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas,_Ontario=St. Thomas, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lerdo=Lerdo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durango,_Durango=Durango, Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson,_British_Columbia=Nelson, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarnath=Sarnath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surat=Surat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yingtan=Yingtan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva,_New_York=Geneva, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armidale,_New_South_Wales=Armidale, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Rioja,_Argentina=La Rioja, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Mai=Chiang Mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol,_Connecticut=Bristol, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wollongong=Wollongong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_de_Cuba=Santiago de Cuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miskolc=Miskolc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongling=Tongling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernie,_British_Columbia=Fernie, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lhasa=Lhasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visakhapatnam=Visakhapatnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Tamil_Nadu=Salem, Tamil Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devonport,_Tasmania=Devonport, Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzhou=Fuzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maitland,_New_South_Wales=Maitland, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normandin,_Quebec=Normandin, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Hat=Medicine Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaifeng=Kaifeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nogales,_Sonora=Nogales, Sonora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welland=Welland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta,_Georgia=Augusta, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon,_Manitoba=Brandon, Manitoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Colborne=Port Colborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorold=Thorold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ningbo=Ningbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan=Jinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalian=Dalian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changchun=Changchun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongshan=Zhongshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanzhou=Lanzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingdao=Qingdao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockhampton=Rockhampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flin_Flon=Flin Flon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorkton=Yorkton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingdezhen=Jingdezhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbuktu=Timbuktu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottrop=Bottrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derby,_Connecticut=Derby, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansonia,_Connecticut=Ansonia, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelton,_Connecticut=Shelton, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamford,_Connecticut=Stamford, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Britain,_Connecticut=New Britain, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrington,_Connecticut=Torrington, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meriden,_Connecticut=Meriden, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Haven,_Connecticut=West Haven, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich,_Connecticut=Norwich, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterbury,_Connecticut=Waterbury, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Springfield,_Massachusetts=West Springfield, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph,_Massachusetts=Randolph, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weymouth,_Massachusetts=Weymouth, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winthrop,_Massachusetts=Winthrop, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butte,_Montana=Butte, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Prairie,_Wisconsin=Sun Prairie, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amesbury,_Massachusetts=Amesbury, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer,_Massachusetts=Palmer, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenfield,_Massachusetts=Greenfield, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgewater,_Massachusetts=Bridgewater, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olean,_New_York=Olean, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamanca_(city),_New_York=Salamanca (city), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkirk,_New_York=Dunkirk, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmira,_New_York=Elmira, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich,_New_York=Norwich, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plattsburgh_(city),_New_York=Plattsburgh (city), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonawanda_(city),_New_York=Tonawanda (city), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnstown_(city),_New_York=Johnstown (city), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batavia,_New_York=Batavia, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Falls_(city),_New_York=Little Falls (city), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown_(city),_New_York=Watertown (city), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam_(city),_New_York=Amsterdam (city), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockport_(city),_New_York=Lockport (city), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rye_(city),_New_York=Rye (city), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Albans_(city),_Vermont=St. Albans (city), Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_(city),_Vermont=Newport (city), Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barre_(city),_Vermont=Barre (city), Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams,_Wisconsin=Adams, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barron,_Wisconsin=Barron, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chetek,_Wisconsin=Chetek, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland,_Wisconsin=Ashland, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Wisconsin=Cumberland, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_Lake,_Wisconsin=Rice Lake, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washburn,_Wisconsin=Washburn, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma,_Wisconsin=Alma, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondovi,_Wisconsin=Mondovi, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brillion,_Wisconsin=Brillion, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilton,_Wisconsin=Chilton, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Holstein,_Wisconsin=New Holstein, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyal,_Wisconsin=Loyal, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colby,_Wisconsin=Colby, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorp,_Wisconsin=Thorp, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodi,_Wisconsin=Lodi, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Wisconsin=Columbus, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Wisconsin=Middleton, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona,_Wisconsin=Verona, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Dam,_Wisconsin=Beaver Dam, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Lake,_Wisconsin=Fox Lake, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menomonie,_Wisconsin=Menomonie, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripon,_Wisconsin=Ripon, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boscobel,_Wisconsin=Boscobel, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crandon,_Wisconsin=Crandon, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fennimore,_Wisconsin=Fennimore, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platteville,_Wisconsin=Platteville, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Wisconsin=Monroe, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lake,_Wisconsin=Green Lake, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_Wisconsin=Princeton, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodgeville,_Wisconsin=Dodgeville, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral_Point,_Wisconsin=Mineral Point, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Wisconsin=Jefferson, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Mills,_Wisconsin=Lake Mills, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo,_Wisconsin=Waterloo, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onalaska,_Wisconsin=Onalaska, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shullsburg,_Wisconsin=Shullsburg, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlington,_Wisconsin=Darlington, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomahawk,_Wisconsin=Tomahawk, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitowoc,_Wisconsin=Manitowoc, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Rivers,_Wisconsin=Two Rivers, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosinee,_Wisconsin=Mosinee, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara,_Wisconsin=Niagara, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montello,_Wisconsin=Montello, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peshtigo_(town),_Wisconsin=Peshtigo (town), Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomah,_Wisconsin=Tomah, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillett,_Wisconsin=Gillett, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oconto,_Wisconsin=Oconto, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oconto_Falls,_Wisconsin=Oconto Falls, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaukauna,_Wisconsin=Kaukauna, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedarburg,_Wisconsin=Cedarburg, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour,_Wisconsin=Seymour, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Washington,_Wisconsin=Port Washington, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durand,_Wisconsin=Durand, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Falls,_Wisconsin=River Falls, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Croix_Falls,_Wisconsin=St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Wisconsin=Burlington, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton,_Wisconsin=Milton, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baraboo,_Wisconsin=Baraboo, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reedsburg,_Wisconsin=Reedsburg, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayward,_Wisconsin=Hayward, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth,_Wisconsin=Plymouth, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheboygan,_Wisconsin=Sheboygan, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson,_Wisconsin=Hudson, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medford,_Wisconsin=Medford, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsboro,_Wisconsin=Hillsboro, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viroqua,_Wisconsin=Viroqua, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spooner,_Wisconsin=Spooner, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bend,_Wisconsin=West Bend, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookfield,_Wisconsin=Brookfield, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pewaukee,_Wisconsin=Pewaukee, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oconomowoc,_Wisconsin=Oconomowoc, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waupaca,_Wisconsin=Waupaca, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weyauwega,_Wisconsin=Weyauwega, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wautoma,_Wisconsin=Wautoma, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omro,_Wisconsin=Omro, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neenah,_Wisconsin=Neenah, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yantai=Yantai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hohhot=Hohhot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton,_New_South_Wales=Grafton, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whyalla=Whyalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexicali=Mexicali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokosuka,_Kanagawa=Yokosuka, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launceston,_Tasmania=Launceston, Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaganda=Karaganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shantou=Shantou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuhai=Zhuhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli,_Lebanon=Tripoli, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu=Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmednagar=Ahmednagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middletown,_Connecticut=Middletown, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeddah=Jeddah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathura=Mathura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gjakova=Gjakova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagodina=Jagodina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosovo_Polje=Kosovo Polje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitrovica,_Kosovo=Mitrovica, Kosovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikinda=Kikinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraljevo=Kraljevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leskovac=Leskovac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orahovac=Orahovac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novi_Pazar=Novi Pazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pljevlja=Pljevlja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prizren=Prizren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smederevo=Smederevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sombor=Sombor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senta=Senta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sremska_Mitrovica=Sremska Mitrovica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vranje=Vranje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zrenjanin=Zrenjanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cali=Cali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_del_Plata=Mar del Plata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oradea=Oradea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City=Quezon City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daejeon=Daejeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monrovia=Monrovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anuradhapura=Anuradhapura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cebu_City=Cebu City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmerston,_Northern_Territory=Palmerston, Northern Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townsville=Townsville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haridwar=Haridwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pablo,_Laguna=San Pablo, Laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad,_Sindh=Hyderabad, Sindh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior,_Wisconsin=Superior, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhengzhou=Zhengzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontevedra=Pontevedra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masjed_Soleyman=Masjed Soleyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzhou=Suzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zadar=Zadar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formosa,_Argentina=Formosa, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethbridge=Lethbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taishan=Taishan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rijeka=Rijeka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penglai,_Shandong=Penglai, Shandong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinzhou=Jinzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anguo=Anguo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temuco=Temuco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panaji=Panaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruto,_Tokushima=Naruto, Tokushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacolod=Bacolod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotabato_City=Cotabato City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Albert,_Saskatchewan=Prince Albert, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaoxing=Shaoxing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Druskininkai=Druskininkai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hula,_Lebanon=Hula, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilin=Guilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiyuan,_Liaoning=Kaiyuan, Liaoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandy=Kandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairns=Cairns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose_del_Monte=San Jose del Monte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekax=Tekax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louvain-la-Neuve=Louvain-la-Neuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Karak=Al Karak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldas_da_Rainha=Caldas da Rainha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Santos=General Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangalore=Mangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepparton=Shepparton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany,_Western_Australia=Albany, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuernavaca=Cuernavaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tezpur=Tezpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axum=Axum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanaimo=Nanaimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellore=Nellore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parral,_Chihuahua=Parral, Chihuahua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangneung=Gangneung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwalk,_Connecticut=Norwalk, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sverdlovsk,_Ukraine=Sverdlovsk, Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamshedpur=Jamshedpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimpo=Gimpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benin_City=Benin City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandurah=Mandurah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halabja=Halabja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bozhou=Bozhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlacotalpan=Tlacotalpan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Victoria=Portland, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liuyang=Liuyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magong,_Taiwan=Magong, Taiwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabela,_Basilan=Isabela, Basilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Westminster=New Westminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Alberni=Port Alberni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coquitlam=Coquitlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulsan=Ulsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwangju=Gwangju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daegu=Daegu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathurst,_New_South_Wales=Bathurst, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keelung=Keelung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmhurst,_Indiana=Elmhurst, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokpo=Mokpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pohang=Pohang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunsan=Gunsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iksan=Iksan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeonju=Jeonju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naju=Naju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaga,_Ishikawa=Kaga, Ishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakkanai,_Hokkaido=Wakkanai, Hokkaido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebetsu,_Hokkaido=Ebetsu, Hokkaido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eniwa,_Hokkaido=Eniwa, Hokkaido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otaru,_Hokkaido=Otaru, Hokkaido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikasa,_Hokkaido=Mikasa, Hokkaido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirosaki,_Aomori=Hirosaki, Aomori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuroishi,_Aomori=Kuroishi, Aomori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obihiro,_Hokkaido=Obihiro, Hokkaido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towada,_Aomori=Towada, Aomori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goshogawara,_Aomori=Goshogawara, Aomori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hachinohe,_Aomori=Hachinohe, Aomori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misawa,_Aomori=Misawa, Aomori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutsu,_Aomori=Mutsu, Aomori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morioka=Morioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyako,_Iwate=Miyako, Iwate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanamaki,_Iwate=Hanamaki, Iwate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitakami,_Iwate=Kitakami, Iwate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuji,_Iwate=Kuji, Iwate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rikuzentakata,_Iwate=Rikuzentakata, Iwate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishinomaki,_Miyagi=Ishinomaki, Miyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamaishi,_Iwate=Kamaishi, Iwate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninohe,_Iwate=Ninohe, Iwate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiogama,_Miyagi=Shiogama, Miyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesennuma,_Miyagi=Kesennuma, Miyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakuda,_Miyagi=Kakuda, Miyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natori,_Miyagi=Natori, Miyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwanuma,_Miyagi=Iwanuma, Miyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noshiro,_Akita=Noshiro, Akita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokote,_Akita=Yokote, Akita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiroishi,_Miyagi=Shiroishi, Miyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oga,_Akita=Oga, Akita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuzawa,_Akita=Yuzawa, Akita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuno,_Akita=Kazuno, Akita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonezawa,_Yamagata=Yonezawa, Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuruoka,_Yamagata=Tsuruoka, Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakata,_Yamagata=Sakata, Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamagata,_Yamagata=Yamagata, Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaminoyama,_Yamagata=Kaminoyama, Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murayama,_Yamagata=Murayama, Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagae,_Yamagata=Sagae, Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagai,_Yamagata=Nagai, Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obanazawa,_Yamagata=Obanazawa, Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higashine,_Yamagata=Higashine, Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirakawa,_Fukushima=Shirakawa, Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukagawa,_Fukushima=Sukagawa, Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitakata,_Fukushima=Kitakata, Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihonmatsu,_Fukushima=Nihonmatsu, Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moriya,_Ibaraki=Moriya, Ibaraki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqaba=Aqaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mooka,_Tochigi=Mooka, Tochigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukaya,_Saitama=Fukaya, Saitama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichikawa,_Chiba=Ichikawa, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noda,_Chiba=Noda, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobara=Mobara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsudo=Matsudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tateyama,_Chiba=Tateyama, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi,_Chiba=Asahi, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashiwa=Kashiwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuura,_Chiba=Katsuura, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichihara,_Chiba=Ichihara, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagareyama,_Chiba=Nagareyama, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abiko,_Chiba=Abiko, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yachiyo,_Chiba=Yachiyo, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamogawa,_Chiba=Kamogawa, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamagaya,_Chiba=Kamagaya, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimitsu,_Chiba=Kimitsu, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yachimata,_Chiba=Yachimata, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodegaura,_Chiba=Sodegaura, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futtsu,_Chiba=Futtsu, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamloops=Kamloops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inzai,_Chiba=Inzai, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiroi,_Chiba=Shiroi, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomisato,_Chiba=Tomisato, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urayasu=Urayasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiratsuka,_Kanagawa=Hiratsuka, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujisawa,_Kanagawa=Fujisawa, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuke,_Niigata=Mitsuke, Niigata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamo,_Niigata=Kamo, Niigata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namerikawa,_Toyama=Namerikawa, Toyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamanashi,_Yamanashi=Yamanashi, Yamanashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuru,_Yamanashi=Tsuru, Yamanashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiyoshida,_Yamanashi=Fujiyoshida, Yamanashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirasaki,_Yamanashi=Nirasaki, Yamanashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minami-Alps,_Yamanashi=Minami-Alps, Yamanashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakatsugawa,_Gifu=Nakatsugawa, Gifu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizunami,_Gifu=Mizunami, Gifu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Ridge,_British_Columbia=Maple Ridge, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilliwack=Chilliwack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atami,_Shizuoka=Atami, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mishima,_Shizuoka=Mishima, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numazu,_Shizuoka=Numazu, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimada,_Shizuoka=Shimada, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujinomiya,_Shizuoka=Fujinomiya, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwata,_Shizuoka=Iwata, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamamatsu=Hamamatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuji,_Shizuoka=Fuji, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaizu,_Shizuoka=Yaizu, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repentigny,_Quebec=Repentigny, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakegawa,_Shizuoka=Kakegawa, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujieda,_Shizuoka=Fujieda, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuroi,_Shizuoka=Fukuroi, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotemba,_Shizuoka=Gotemba, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Albert,_Alberta=St. Albert, Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susono,_Shizuoka=Susono, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosai,_Shizuoka=Kosai, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seto,_Aichi=Seto, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasugai,_Aichi=Kasugai, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Coquitlam=Port Coquitlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handa,_Aichi=Handa, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okazaki,_Aichi=Okazaki, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyokawa,_Aichi=Toyokawa, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kariya,_Aichi=Kariya, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nishio,_Aichi=Nishio, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokoname,_Aichi=Tokoname, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuyama,_Aichi=Inuyama, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinshiro,_Aichi=Shinshiro, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chita,_Aichi=Chita, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inazawa,_Aichi=Inazawa, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owariasahi,_Aichi=Owariasahi, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwakura,_Aichi=Iwakura, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahama,_Aichi=Takahama, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drummondville=Drummondville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisshin,_Aichi=Nisshin, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyoake,_Aichi=Toyoake, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsu,_Mie=Tsu, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsusaka,_Mie=Matsusaka, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokkaichi,_Mie=Yokkaichi, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ise,_Mie=Ise, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabari,_Mie=Nabari, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzuka,_Mie=Suzuka, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahara,_Aichi=Tahara, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owase,_Mie=Owase, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwana,_Mie=Kuwana, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kameyama,_Mie=Kameyama, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toba,_Mie=Toba, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumano,_Mie=Kumano, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moriyama,_Shiga=Moriyama, Shiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrebonne,_Quebec=Terrebonne, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Eustache,_Quebec=Saint-Eustache, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannan,_Osaka=Hannan, Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakurai,_Nara=Sakurai, Nara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoriaville=Victoriaville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Hyacinthe,_Quebec=Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grande_Prairie=Grande Prairie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blainville,_Quebec=Blainville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon,_British_Columbia=Vernon, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moose_Jaw=Moose Jaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimouski=Rimouski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penticton=Penticton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mascouche=Mascouche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_River,_British_Columbia=Campbell River, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouyn-Noranda=Rouyn-Noranda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spruce_Grove=Spruce Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saito,_Miyazaki=Saito, Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nishinoomote,_Kagoshima=Nishinoomote, Kagoshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urasoe,_Okinawa=Urasoe, Okinawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginowan,_Okinawa=Ginowan, Okinawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nago,_Okinawa=Nago, Okinawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itoman,_Okinawa=Itoman, Okinawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomigusuku,_Okinawa=Tomigusuku, Okinawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akishima,_Tokyo=Akishima, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hino,_Tokyo=Hino, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunitachi,_Tokyo=Kunitachi, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higashimurayama,_Tokyo=Higashimurayama, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fussa,_Tokyo=Fussa, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higashiyamato,_Tokyo=Higashiyamato, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komae,_Tokyo=Komae, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higashikurume,_Tokyo=Higashikurume, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musashimurayama,_Tokyo=Musashimurayama, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiruno,_Tokyo=Akiruno, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamura,_Tokyo=Hamura, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Battleford=North Battleford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quesnel,_British_Columbia=Quesnel, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Sudbury=Greater Sudbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retalhuleu=Retalhuleu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsushima,_Aichi=Tsushima, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edogawa,_Tokyo=Edogawa, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakano,_Nagano=Nakano, Nagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osan=Osan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirabel,_Quebec=Mirabel, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basmath=Basmath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peshtigo,_Wisconsin=Peshtigo, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Wales=Newport, Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leduc,_Alberta=Leduc, Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan'an=Yan'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gongju=Gongju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyesan=Hyesan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawalpindi=Rawalpindi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagaytay=Tagaytay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacoor=Bacoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagga_Wagga=Wagga Wagga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whangarei=Whangarei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gingoog=Gingoog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_St_Albans=City of St Albans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaconsfield,_Quebec=Beaconsfield, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q'umarkaj=Q'umarkaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulawayo=Bulawayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dali_City=Dali City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibadan=Ibadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deoband=Deoband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guiyang=Guiyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapu-Lapu,_Philippines=Lapu-Lapu, Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agra=Agra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitt_Meadows=Pitt Meadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Coast=Cape Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legazpi,_Albay=Legazpi, Albay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasay=Pasay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandaluyong=Mandaluyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasig=Pasig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marikina=Marikina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medan=Medan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arusha=Arusha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabol=Zabol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panhala=Panhala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indore=Indore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanjavur=Thanjavur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubbo=Dubbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johor_Bahru=Johor Bahru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibiu=Sibiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghazni=Ghazni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Tite,_Quebec=Saint-Tite, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanga,_Tanzania=Tanga, Tanzania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasaragod=Kasaragod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahajanga=Mahajanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittagong=Chittagong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batroun=Batroun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jounieh=Jounieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satu_Mare=Satu Mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beihai=Beihai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabaco=Tabaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_of_Brant=County of Brant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banja_Luka=Banja Luka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalaegerszeg=Zalaegerszeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Rupert,_British_Columbia=Prince Rupert, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yongin=Yongin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeosu=Yeosu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeongcheon=Yeongcheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeongju=Yeongju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloydminster=Lloydminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawartha_Lakes=Kawartha Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanchang=Nanchang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaesong=Kaesong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haldimand_County=Haldimand County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nampo=Nampo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makassar=Makassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheongju=Cheongju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chungju=Chungju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jecheon=Jecheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow=Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donghae_City=Donghae City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samcheok=Samcheok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taebaek=Taebaek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonju=Wonju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwangyang=Gwangyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suncheon=Suncheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimje=Gimje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeongeup=Jeongeup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namwon=Namwon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangmen=Jiangmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iligan=Iligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabwah=Rabwah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapolei,_Hawaii=Kapolei, Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szeged=Szeged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essaouira=Essaouira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujranwala=Gujranwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar-e_Anzali=Bandar-e Anzali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerside,_Prince_Edward_Island=Summerside, Prince Edward Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damavand,_Iran=Damavand, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khost=Khost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sialkot=Sialkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyuan=Taiyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisalabad=Faisalabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittoor=Chittoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointe-Claire=Pointe-Claire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_County,_Ontario=Norfolk County, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steenwijk=Steenwijk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xochimilco=Xochimilco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swift_Current=Swift Current
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phra_Nakhon_Si_Ayutthaya_(city)=Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanning=Nanning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shijiazhuang=Shijiazhuang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimoga=Shimoga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldton=Geraldton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardakan=Ardakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meerut=Meerut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bam,_Iran=Bam, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumasi=Kumasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tres_Valles=Tres Valles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coatzacoalcos=Coatzacoalcos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eger=Eger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Fernando,_La_Union=San Fernando, La Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigo=Vigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence-Rockland=Clarence-Rockland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porbandar=Porbandar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyeongju=Gyeongju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galle=Galle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuxi=Wuxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangyin=Jiangyin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huai'an=Huai'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wangaratta=Wangaratta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvarado,_Veracruz=Alvarado, Veracruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Lincoln=Port Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgu=Birgu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ormoc=Ormoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo,_Cebu=Toledo, Cebu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandaue=Mandaue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhenjiang=Zhenjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dipolog=Dipolog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaniv=Kaniv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multan=Multan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Augusta=Port Augusta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryborough,_Queensland=Maryborough, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mtskheta=Mtskheta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnie,_Tasmania=Burnie, Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temiskaming_Shores=Temiskaming Shores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castlemaine,_Victoria=Castlemaine, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Boniface,_Winnipeg=Saint Boniface, Winnipeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curitiba=Curitiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digos=Digos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayapura=Jayapura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amritsar=Amritsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masvingo=Masvingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masvingo_Province=Masvingo Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamato,_Kanagawa=Yamato, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadano,_Kanagawa=Hadano, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zushi,_Kanagawa=Zushi, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagamihara=Sagamihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isehara,_Kanagawa=Isehara, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebina,_Kanagawa=Ebina, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayase,_Kanagawa=Ayase, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamiashigara,_Kanagawa=Minamiashigara, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zama,_Kanagawa=Zama, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunigami,_Okinawa=Kunigami, Okinawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakijin,_Okinawa=Nakijin, Okinawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakagusuku,_Okinawa=Nakagusuku, Okinawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barranquilla=Barranquilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antigo,_Wisconsin=Antigo, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaybalay=Malaybalay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangzhi=Shangzhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parksville,_British_Columbia=Parksville, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taguig=Taguig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leh=Leh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turpan=Turpan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagashima,_Kagoshima=Nagashima, Kagoshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunitomi,_Miyazaki=Kunitomi, Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morotsuka,_Miyazaki=Morotsuka, Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro,_Laguna=San Pedro, Laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamba,_Laguna=Calamba, Laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludhiana=Ludhiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokshetau=Kokshetau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagpur=Nagpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalandhar=Jalandhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh,_Uttar_Pradesh=Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toowoomba=Toowoomba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipolo=Antipolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Abbas=Bandar Abbas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yiyang=Yiyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanyang,_Henan=Nanyang, Henan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khorramshahr=Khorramshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pachuca=Pachuca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanning=Wanning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhumadian=Zhumadian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yinchuan=Yinchuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiyuan=Jiyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagasu,_Kumamoto=Nagasu, Kumamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nankan,_Kumamoto=Nankan, Kumamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamioguni,_Kumamoto=Minamioguni, Kumamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mifune,_Kumamoto=Mifune, Kumamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashiki,_Kumamoto=Mashiki, Kumamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizukami,_Kumamoto=Mizukami, Kumamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuma,_Kumamoto=Kuma, Kumamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwadar=Gwadar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine,_Algeria=Constantine, Algeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinzhou,_Hebei=Jinzhou, Hebei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udupi=Udupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamsala=Dharamsala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Paz,_Baja_California_Sur=La Paz, Baja California Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabalpur=Jabalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa,_Laguna=Santa Rosa, Laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangshan=Tangshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anyang=Anyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakagawa,_Fukuoka=Nakagawa, Fukuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurate,_Fukuoka=Kurate, Fukuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotake,_Fukuoka=Kotake, Fukuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Pirie=Port Pirie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dammam=Dammam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutare=Mutare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lijiang=Lijiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenzhou=Wenzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hat_Yai=Hat Yai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surat_Thani=Surat Thani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilam,_Iran=Ilam, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haikou=Haikou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranbrook,_British_Columbia=Cranbrook, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davao_City=Davao City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malabon=Malabon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caloocan=Caloocan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datong=Datong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valenzuela,_Philippines=Valenzuela, Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trang,_Thailand=Trang, Thailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navotas=Navotas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan,_Metro_Manila=San Juan, Metro Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki,_Kagawa=Miki, Kagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoshima,_Kagawa=Naoshima, Kagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotohira,_Kagawa=Kotohira, Kagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surakarta=Surakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakura,_Chiba=Sakura, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuwara_Eliya=Nuwara Eliya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iki,_Nagasaki=Iki, Nagasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krems_an_der_Donau=Krems an der Donau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thetford_Mines=Thetford Mines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Winchester=City of Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_St._John,_British_Columbia=Fort St. John, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagercoil=Nagercoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changwon=Changwon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongjin=Chongjin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuncheon=Chuncheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mugi,_Tokushima=Mugi, Tokushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsushige,_Tokushima=Matsushige, Tokushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suwon=Suwon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumano,_Hiroshima=Kumano, Hiroshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corner_Brook=Corner Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xining=Xining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koper=Koper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khammam=Khammam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baie-Saint-Paul=Baie-Saint-Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dellys=Dellys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthierville=Berthierville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kano=Kano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Harcourt=Port Harcourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanke=Kanke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandwa=Khandwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pripyat=Pripyat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutsk=Lutsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khoy=Khoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisumu=Kisumu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drohobych=Drohobych
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ternopil=Ternopil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kovel=Kovel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalush,_Ivano-Frankivsk_Oblast=Kalush, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivano-Frankivsk=Ivano-Frankivsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Lancaster=City of Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volodymyr-Volynskyi=Volodymyr-Volynskyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlemcen=Tlemcen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadodara=Vadodara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Rampur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambon,_Maluku=Ambon, Maluku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oneonta,_New_York=Oneonta, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladstone,_Queensland=Gladstone, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harar=Harar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizerte=Bizerte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balikpapan=Balikpapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniwaki=Maniwaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuzla=Tuzla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrnambool=Warrnambool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagi,_Okayama=Nagi, Okayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimasaka,_Okayama=Mimasaka, Okayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumenan,_Okayama=Kumenan, Okayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange,_New_South_Wales=Orange, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavite_City=Cavite City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonsan=Wonsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lae=Lae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pula=Pula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturgeon_Bay,_Wisconsin=Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowra,_New_South_Wales=Nowra, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonia_del_Sacramento=Colonia del Sacramento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ban_Houayxay=Ban Houayxay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillah=Hillah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubon_Ratchathani=Ubon Ratchathani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alwar=Alwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendoza,_Argentina=Mendoza, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soroca=Soroca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilgit=Gilgit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzhhorod=Uzhhorod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murska_Sobota=Murska Sobota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovinj=Rovinj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pazin=Pazin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_la_Prairie=Portage la Prairie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubango=Lubango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denpasar=Denpasar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imphal=Imphal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia,_Wisconsin=Arcadia, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayfield,_Wisconsin=Bayfield, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomer,_Wisconsin=Bloomer, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin,_Wisconsin=Berlin, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalgaon=Jalgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhule=Dhule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solapur=Solapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Georges,_Quebec=Saint-Georges, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mau=Mau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boryslav=Boryslav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenica=Zenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pariz=Pariz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boucherville=Boucherville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernihiv=Chernihiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimla=Shimla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andijan=Andijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostar=Mostar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijeljina=Bijeljina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izola=Izola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptuj=Ptuj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estevan=Estevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massawa=Massawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misasa,_Tottori=Misasa, Tottori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanbu,_Tottori=Nanbu, Tottori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudoyama,_Wakayama=Kudoyama, Wakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihama,_Wakayama=Mihama, Wakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachikatsuura,_Wakayama=Nachikatsuura, Wakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiji,_Wakayama=Taiji, Wakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozagawa,_Wakayama=Kozagawa, Wakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyake,_Nara=Miyake, Nara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsue,_Nara=Mitsue, Nara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurotaki,_Nara=Kurotaki, Nara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma'anshan=Ma'anshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlovac=Karlovac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Diwaniyah=Al Diwaniyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donetsk=Donetsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildura=Mildura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vellore=Vellore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warri=Warri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettayapuram=Ettayapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trincomalee=Trincomalee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khomeyn=Khomeyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saqqez=Saqqez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumatori,_Osaka=Kumatori, Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misaki,_Osaka=Misaki, Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamiyamashiro,_Kyoto=Minamiyamashiro, Kyoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyan,_India=Kalyan, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawinigan=Shawinigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samobor=Samobor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velika_Gorica=Velika Gorica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanport,_Oregon=Vanport, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baoding=Baoding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuenca,_Ecuador=Cuenca, Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathinda=Bathinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadiad=Nadiad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queanbeyan=Queanbeyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dauphin,_Manitoba=Dauphin, Manitoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kranj=Kranj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bsharri=Bsharri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankleshwar=Ankleshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Isa=Mount Isa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakruojis=Pakruojis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narayangarh,_Chitwan=Narayangarh, Chitwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talisay,_Cebu=Talisay, Cebu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taicang=Taicang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugao=Rugao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solan=Solan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raipur=Raipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe,_Argentina=Santa Fe, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salta=Salta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Fernando_del_Valle_de_Catamarca=San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistencia,_Chaco=Resistencia, Chaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawson,_Chubut=Rawson, Chubut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario,_Santa_Fe=Rosario, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_del_Estero=Santiago del Estero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Salvador_de_Jujuy=San Salvador de Jujuy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrientes=Corrientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylhet=Sylhet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osogbo=Osogbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enugu=Enugu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilorin=Ilorin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetaskiwin=Wetaskiwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balanga,_Bataan=Balanga, Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahvaz=Ahvaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokcho=Sokcho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iquitos=Iquitos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagakute,_Aichi=Nagakute, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyoyama,_Aichi=Toyoyama, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yatomi=Yatomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyoshi,_Aichi=Miyoshi, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikugawa,_Shizuoka=Kikugawa, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasamatsu,_Gifu=Kasamatsu, Gifu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaizu=Kaizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitake,_Gifu=Mitake, Gifu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaudreuil-Dorion=Vaudreuil-Dorion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonabad=Gonabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hervey_Bay=Hervey Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gympie=Gympie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Saskatchewan=Fort Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yueyang=Yueyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kundapur=Kundapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qufu=Qufu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhanjiang=Zhanjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ongole=Ongole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weifang=Weifang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumaguete=Dumaguete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onitsha=Onitsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandong=Dandong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivas,_Nicaragua=Rivas, Nicaragua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinuiju=Sinuiju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urmia=Urmia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lugo=Lugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Quebec=Richmond, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelog,_Croatia=Prelog, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liyang=Liyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Sunderland=City of Sunderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellandu=Yellandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koumi,_Nagano=Koumi, Nagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamiminowa,_Nagano=Minamiminowa, Nagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakagawa,_Nagano=Nakagawa, Nagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyada,_Nagano=Miyada, Nagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsukawa,_Nagano_(Shimoina)=Matsukawa, Nagano (Shimoina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neba,_Nagano=Neba, Nagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagiso,_Nagano=Nagiso, Nagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kryvyi_Rih=Kryvyi Rih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meycauayan=Meycauayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Edward_County,_Ontario=Prince Edward County, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Canterbury=City of Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubail=Jubail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Carlisle=City of Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Bradford=City of Bradford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Salford=City of Salford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosiv=Kosiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Chelmsford=City of Chelmsford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etawah=Etawah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daqing=Daqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongying=Dongying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirzapur=Mirzapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qom=Qom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val-d'Or=Val-d'Or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokhran=Pokhran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baie-Comeau=Baie-Comeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakur=Nakur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Morgan,_Queensland=Mount Morgan, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City=New York City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorsogon_City=Sorsogon City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tepic=Tepic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Lambert,_Quebec=Saint-Lambert, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukacheve=Mukacheve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieuwpoort,_South_Holland=Nieuwpoort, South Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veracruz_(city)=Veracruz (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batangas_City=Batangas City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yauco,_Puerto_Rico=Yauco, Puerto Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensenada,_Baja_California=Ensenada, Baja California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Tuque,_Quebec=La Tuque, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiamusi=Jiamusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharuch=Bharuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meizhou=Meizhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ijebu_Ode=Ijebu Ode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganja,_Azerbaijan=Ganja, Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrace,_British_Columbia=Terrace, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simferopol=Simferopol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abasolo,_Coahuila=Abasolo, Coahuila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escobedo,_Coahuila=Escobedo, Coahuila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento,_Coahuila=Sacramento, Coahuila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candela,_Coahuila=Candela, Coahuila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karimnagar=Karimnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beledweyne=Beledweyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_de_la_Sierra=Santa Cruz de la Sierra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ararat,_Victoria=Ararat, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navojoa=Navojoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novi_Marof=Novi Marof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangotri=Gangotri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosarito_Beach=Rosarito Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Creek=Dawson Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinxiang=Xinxiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palos_Verdes=Palos Verdes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alang=Alang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Depok=Depok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitacura=Vitacura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khmelnytskyi,_Ukraine=Khmelnytskyi, Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuangyashan=Shuangyashan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manta,_Ecuador=Manta, Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmstedt=Helmstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staunton,_Virginia=Staunton, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratnagiri=Ratnagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumqayit=Sumqayit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srikakulam=Srikakulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olongapo=Olongapo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattaya=Pattaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguan=Dongguan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batam=Batam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yibin=Yibin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotan=Hotan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiayi_City=Chiayi City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipa,_Batangas=Lipa, Batangas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgaum=Belgaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cahul=Cahul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Bermuda=Hamilton, Bermuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Rock,_British_Columbia=White Rock, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinte_West=Quinte West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Dunes=Wild Dunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlesbourg,_Quebec_City=Charlesbourg, Quebec City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Foy,_Quebec_City=Sainte-Foy, Quebec City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brossard=Brossard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierrefonds,_Quebec=Pierrefonds, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollard-des-Ormeaux=Dollard-des-Ormeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aylmer,_Quebec=Aylmer, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axochiapan=Axochiapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Ayala=Ciudad Ayala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorel-Tracy=Sorel-Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boisbriand,_Quebec=Boisbriand, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Julie,_Quebec=Sainte-Julie, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salaberry-de-Valleyfield=Salaberry-de-Valleyfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville=Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Constant,_Quebec=Saint-Constant, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkland,_Quebec=Kirkland, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chambly,_Quebec=Chambly, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varennes,_Quebec=Varennes, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beloeil,_Quebec=Beloeil, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Prairie,_Quebec=La Prairie, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joliette=Joliette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deux-Montagnes,_Quebec=Deux-Montagnes, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Catherine,_Quebec=Sainte-Catherine, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Ancienne-Lorette,_Quebec=L'Ancienne-Lorette, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures=Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiujiang=Jiujiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvillo=Calvillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_de_los_Romo=San Francisco de los Romo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwo,_Nigeria=Iwo, Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howrah=Howrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trelew=Trelew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miura,_Kanagawa=Miura, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingstown=Kingstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Assomption,_Quebec=L'Assomption, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolbeau-Mistassini=Dolbeau-Mistassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magog,_Quebec=Magog, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singkawang=Singkawang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsar,_Mazandaran=Ramsar, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehuantepec=Tehuantepec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prienai=Prienai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilha=Bilha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashik=Nashik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacloban=Tacloban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lishui=Lishui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alytus=Alytus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijayawada=Vijayawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mejillones=Mejillones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponda,_Goa=Ponda, Goa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songkhla=Songkhla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhon_Sawan=Nakhon Sawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonsavan=Phonsavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenghua=Fenghua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiqihar=Qiqihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahod=Dahod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastiv=Fastiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_Barnechea=Lo Barnechea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon_Arm=Salmon Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pekanbaru=Pekanbaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koprivnica=Koprivnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt,_British_Columbia=Merritt, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podujevo=Podujevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istok=Istok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hwaseong,_Gyeonggi=Hwaseong, Gyeonggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehanabad=Jehanabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paithan=Paithan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Lazare,_Quebec=Saint-Lazare, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines,_Quebec=Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Saint-Hilaire,_Quebec=Mont-Saint-Hilaire, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Vancouver_(city)=North Vancouver (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banda,_Uttar_Pradesh=Banda, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia,_Costa_Rica=Liberia, Costa Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yancheng=Yancheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikaner=Bikaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umag=Umag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandya=Mandya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buje=Buje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solin,_Croatia=Solin, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gambier,_South_Australia=Mount Gambier, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhubaneswar=Bhubaneswar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Limerick=History of Limerick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amol=Amol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafsanjan=Rafsanjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar,_Ukraine=Bar, Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parral,_Chile=Parral, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miraj=Miraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petaling_Jaya=Petaling Jaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson,_Quebec=Hudson, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barinas,_Barinas=Barinas, Barinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godhra=Godhra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uran=Uran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnal=Karnal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guwahati=Guwahati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Montt=Puerto Montt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurgaon=Gurgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poldasht=Poldasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angeles,_Philippines=Angeles, Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manado=Manado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junagadh=Junagadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anantapur,_Andhra_Pradesh=Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajkot=Rajkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lachute=Lachute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerman=Kerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohima=Kohima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kollam=Kollam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satara_(city)=Satara (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makarska=Makarska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visoko=Visoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuqing=Fuqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaoyao=Gaoyao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasto,_Colombia=Pasto, Colombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamiichi,_Toyama=Kamiichi, Toyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funahashi,_Toyama=Funahashi, Toyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tateyama,_Toyama=Tateyama, Toyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi,_Toyama=Asahi, Toyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirebon=Cirebon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isumi=Isumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hargeisa=Hargeisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namegawa,_Saitama=Namegawa, Saitama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minano,_Saitama=Minano, Saitama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagatoro,_Saitama=Nagatoro, Saitama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyashiro,_Saitama=Miyashiro, Saitama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsubushi,_Saitama=Matsubushi, Saitama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyoshi,_Saitama=Miyoshi, Saitama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasht=Rasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alibag=Alibag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanmoku,_Gunma=Nanmoku, Gunma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kusatsu,_Gunma=Kusatsu, Gunma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhangzhou=Zhangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigan=Vigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motegi,_Tochigi=Motegi, Tochigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannauj=Kannauj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mibu,_Tochigi=Mibu, Tochigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marawi=Marawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naka,_Ibaraki=Naka, Ibaraki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George's,_Bermuda=St. George's, Bermuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi=Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijapur=Bijapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostroh=Ostroh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date,_Fukushima=Date, Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korhogo=Korhogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceyhan=Ceyhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackay,_Queensland=Mackay, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandag=Tandag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naraha,_Fukushima=Naraha, Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomioka,_Fukushima=Tomioka, Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namie,_Fukushima=Namie, Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aksu,_Xinjiang=Aksu, Xinjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akola=Akola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekondi-Takoradi=Sekondi-Takoradi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamimalai=Swamimalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengde=Chengde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabas=Tabas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astara,_Iran=Astara, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengbu=Bengbu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingzhou=Jingzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neiva,_Huila=Neiva, Huila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szombathely=Szombathely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Escondido,_Oaxaca=Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalitpur,_India=Lalitpur, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhansi=Jhansi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeju_City=Jeju City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria,_Gozo=Victoria, Gozo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asansol=Asansol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikaho,_Akita=Nikaho, Akita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semboku,_Akita=Semboku, Akita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jilin_City=Jilin City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arica=Arica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurihara,_Miyagi=Kurihara, Miyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tome,_Miyagi=Tome, Miyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatarpur=Chhatarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagar,_Madhya_Pradesh=Sagar, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ujjain=Ujjain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narsinghpur=Narsinghpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antofagasta=Antofagasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancagua=Rancagua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chervonohrad=Chervonohrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykolaiv=Mykolaiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rason=Rason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burhanpur=Burhanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barwani=Barwani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Moody=Port Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selebi-Phikwe=Selebi-Phikwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workum=Workum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westkapelle,_Netherlands=Westkapelle, Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasselt,_Overijssel=Hasselt, Overijssel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vreeland=Vreeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genemuiden=Genemuiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyza=Beyza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhar=Dhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhabua=Jhabua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monnickendam=Monnickendam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vollenhove=Vollenhove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'s-Heerenberg='s-Heerenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blokzijl=Blokzijl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson,_Manitoba=Thompson, Manitoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palghar=Palghar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewa,_Madhya_Pradesh=Rewa, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepanakert=Stepanakert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidar=Bidar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lianyungang=Lianyungang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingning,_Guangdong=Xingning, Guangdong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoshangabad=Hoshangabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harda=Harda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamhung=Hamhung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonk,_India=Tonk, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berbera=Berbera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datia=Datia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takizawa,_Iwate=Takizawa, Iwate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brody=Brody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagayo,_Nagasaki=Nagayo, Nagasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xuzhou=Xuzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidisha=Vidisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurwai=Kurwai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitina=Vitina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithgow,_New_South_Wales=Lithgow, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senglea=Senglea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganzhou=Ganzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yilan_City=Yilan City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingtung_City=Pingtung City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anyang,_Gyeonggi=Anyang, Gyeonggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwangju,_Gyeonggi=Gwangju, Gyeonggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taitung_City=Taitung City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhubei=Zhubei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaoguan=Shaoguan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadala=Wadala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi=Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swakopmund=Swakopmund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayawan=Bayawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gobabis=Gobabis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keetmanshoop=Keetmanshoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fongshan_District=Fongshan District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esztergom=Esztergom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosaso=Bosaso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galkayo=Galkayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sihui=Sihui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaruru,_Namibia=Omaruru, Namibia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karibib=Karibib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratlam=Ratlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandsaur=Mandsaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajgarh,_Madhya_Pradesh=Rajgarh, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khulna=Khulna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangzhou=Yangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajgir=Rajgir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davangere=Davangere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiriyur=Hiriyur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuam=Tuam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Dueim=Ed Dueim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakhchysarai=Bakhchysarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anseong=Anseong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansan=Ansan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucheon=Bucheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongducheon=Dongducheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goyang=Goyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guri-si,_Gyeonggi-do,_South_Korea=Guri-si, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwangmyeong=Gwangmyeong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwacheon=Gwacheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunpo=Gunpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icheon=Icheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namyangju=Namyangju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paju=Paju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyeongtaek=Pyeongtaek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocheon=Pocheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siheung=Siheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uijeongbu=Uijeongbu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uiwang=Uiwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seongnam=Seongnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangju=Yangju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeoju=Yeoju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boryeong=Boryeong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seosan=Seosan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheonan=Cheonan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asan=Asan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonsan=Nonsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangjin=Dangjin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seogwipo=Seogwipo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyeongsan=Gyeongsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andong=Andong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimcheon=Gimcheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumi,_North_Gyeongsang=Gumi, North Gyeongsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangju=Sangju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mungyeong=Mungyeong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoje=Geoje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinju=Jinju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacheon=Sacheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miryang=Miryang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangsan=Yangsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongyeong=Tongyeong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhangjiakou=Zhangjiakou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Fernando,_Trinidad_and_Tobago=San Fernando, Trinidad and Tobago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhanbad=Dhanbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shegaon=Shegaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velenje=Velenje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaj=Karaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miryalaguda=Miryalaguda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalgonda=Nalgonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxas,_Capiz=Roxas, Capiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yixing=Yixing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baripada=Baripada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur=Jodhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noida=Noida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinbach,_Manitoba=Steinbach, Manitoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramanagara=Ramanagara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malolos=Malolos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dnipropetrovsk=Dnipropetrovsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miri=Miri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny,_Pennsylvania=Allegheny, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maheshwar=Maheshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gapan=Gapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xuchang=Xuchang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warangal=Warangal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yulin,_Guangxi=Yulin, Guangxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobito=Lobito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisar_(city)=Hisar (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bareilly=Bareilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong,_British_Columbia=Armstrong, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueville=Jacqueville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand-Bassam=Grand-Bassam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assis=Assis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondar=Gondar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinj=Sinj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainpuri=Mainpuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garoowe=Garoowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manmad=Manmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberval,_Quebec=Roberval, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szolnok=Szolnok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagykanizsa=Nagykanizsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holalkere=Holalkere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linares,_Chile=Linares, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leizhou=Leizhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_de_los_Caballeros=Santiago de los Caballeros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irbid=Irbid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasur=Kasur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulhasnagar=Ulhasnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratslav=Bratslav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukkur=Sukkur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foshan=Foshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changshu=Changshu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambato,_Ecuador=Ambato, Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panna,_India=Panna, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Laurier=Mont-Laurier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melville,_Saskatchewan=Melville, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melfort,_Saskatchewan=Melfort, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt,_Saskatchewan=Humboldt, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokhara=Pokhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aranda_de_Duero=Aranda de Duero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidi_Ifni=Sidi Ifni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurnool=Kurnool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahedan=Zahedan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nala_Sopara=Nala Sopara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virar=Virar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehri=Tehri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haicheng,_Liaoning=Haicheng, Liaoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamay=Jamay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine,_Quebec=Lorraine, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faizabad=Faizabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panipat=Panipat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berehove=Berehove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vynohradiv=Vynohradiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilan=Kilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aragalur=Aragalur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks,_Alberta=Brooks, Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khairpur=Khairpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell_River,_British_Columbia=Powell River, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javanrud=Javanrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paweh=Paweh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathdwara=Nathdwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaba,_Hungary=Kaba, Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayes=Kayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kremenchuk=Kremenchuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurbarkas=Jurbarkas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zolochiv=Zolochiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yining_City=Yining City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karamay=Karamay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanchkhuti=Lanchkhuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdati=Baghdati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creel,_Chihuahua=Creel, Chihuahua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calama,_Chile=Calama, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancud=Ancud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quilicura=Quilicura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villavicencio=Villavicencio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providencia,_Chile=Providencia, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhuj=Bhuj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwarka=Dwarka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godavarikhani=Godavarikhani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanzhong=Hanzhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Victoria=Hamilton, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breda=Breda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Serena,_Chile=La Serena, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wazirabad=Wazirabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fereydunshahr=Fereydunshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charny,_Quebec=Charny, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogor=Bogor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirovohrad=Kirovohrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoothukudi=Thoothukudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bargarh=Bargarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantong=Nantong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belz=Belz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilaspur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Bilaspur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovalle=Ovalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharagpur=Kharagpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erode=Erode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakti=Sakti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaisalmer=Jaisalmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzaffarabad=Muzaffarabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizuho,_Tokyo=Mizuho, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Gracia=Alta Gracia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larkana=Larkana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravansar=Ravansar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liuzhou=Liuzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirunelveli=Tirunelveli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assab=Assab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajahmundry=Rajahmundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siliguri=Siliguri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehkar=Mehkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arak,_Iran=Arak, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabalacat=Mabalacat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semarang=Semarang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith,_New_South_Wales=Griffith, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shazand=Shazand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan,_British_Columbia=Duncan, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aba,_Abia=Aba, Abia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miaoli_City=Miaoli City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrecife=Arrecife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natanz=Natanz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahmapur,_Odisha=Brahmapur, Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talcahuano=Talcahuano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baotou=Baotou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabieh=Rabieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wardha=Wardha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Madryn=Puerto Madryn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorakhpur=Gorakhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torqabeh=Torqabeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shashamane=Shashamane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastinapur=Hastinapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruvaiyaru=Thiruvaiyaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malayer=Malayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castlegar,_British_Columbia=Castlegar, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossland,_British_Columbia=Rossland, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dezful=Dezful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarqa=Zarqa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illapel=Illapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Gardens,_Florida=Miami Gardens, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faridabad=Faridabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanhangad=Kanhangad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlemagne,_Quebec=Charlemagne, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler,_Quebec=Chandler, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washim=Washim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laoag=Laoag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuddalore=Cuddalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrindavan=Vrindavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeypore=Jeypore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begusarai=Begusarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dezhou=Dezhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathua=Kathua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Nicosia=North Nicosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismayo=Kismayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ndola=Ndola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedford,_Quebec_(town)=Bedford, Quebec (town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biratnagar=Biratnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padang=Padang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longyan=Longyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darbhanga=Darbhanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yichang=Yichang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellary=Bellary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtenay,_British_Columbia=Courtenay, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivne=Rivne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantou_City=Nantou City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_Richmond,_Virginia=Manchester, Richmond, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanggye=Kanggye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haeju=Haeju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mek'ele=Mek'ele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margao=Margao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nishi-ku,_Nagoya=Nishi-ku, Nagoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alandi=Alandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjahanpur=Shahjahanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bopal=Bopal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dujiangyan_City=Dujiangyan City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongyang=Dongyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weihai=Weihai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dire_Dawa=Dire Dawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yiwu=Yiwu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khouribga=Khouribga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annaba=Annaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burao=Burao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bislig=Bislig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardoi=Hardoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinghong=Jinghong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benxi=Benxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inabe,_Mie=Inabe, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caconda=Caconda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hengyang=Hengyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dniprodzerzhynsk=Dniprodzerzhynsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alofi,_Niue=Alofi, Niue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mataram_(city)=Mataram (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jahrom=Jahrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delson,_Quebec=Delson, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shemshak=Shemshak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawabshah=Nawabshah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajbiraj=Rajbiraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharan,_Nepal=Dharan, Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntingdon,_Quebec=Huntingdon, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agstafa_District=Agstafa District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinzheng=Xinzheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aitaroun=Aitaroun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehsana=Mehsana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kheda=Kheda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavnagar=Bhavnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelgava=Jelgava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttaradit=Uttaradit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marand=Marand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayong=Rayong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Lake,_Alberta=Cold Lake, Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudak=Sudak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moquegua=Moquegua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patan,_Gujarat=Patan, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangrao=Shangrao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winkler,_Manitoba=Winkler, Manitoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahoba=Mahoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auras=Auras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashan=Kashan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaya,_India=Gaya, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blida=Blida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gejiu=Gejiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klina=Klina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincang=Lincang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karjat=Karjat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copacabana,_Bolivia=Copacabana, Bolivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjarmasin=Banjarmasin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsumeb=Tsumeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyeryong=Gyeryong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panajachel=Panajachel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iquique=Iquique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota,_Rajasthan=Kota, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heihe=Heihe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahallat=Mahallat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanji=Yanji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banda_Aceh=Banda Aceh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajitgarh=Ajitgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela=Rourkela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlixco=Atlixco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambikapur,_India=Ambikapur, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puri=Puri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Lengeh=Bandar Lengeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theni=Theni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajshahi=Rajshahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibolga=Sibolga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyan-Dombivali=Kalyan-Dombivali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzhappilangad=Muzhappilangad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Blair=Port Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos_de_Moreno=Lagos de Moreno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yenakiieve=Yenakiieve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikasso=Sikasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorethang=Jorethang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iloilo_City=Iloilo City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk,_Manitoba=Selkirk, Manitoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tafresh=Tafresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namchi=Namchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badlapur=Badlapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golfito=Golfito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicoya=Nicoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batticaloa=Batticaloa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itambacuri=Itambacuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hlukhiv=Hlukhiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handan=Handan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kupang=Kupang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baskinta=Baskinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Bridge,_South_Australia=Murray Bridge, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajnandgaon=Rajnandgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limbdi=Limbdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ville-Marie,_Quebec=Ville-Marie, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidore=Tidore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikar=Sikar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umuahia=Umuahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guaymas=Guaymas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuguegarao=Tuguegarao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabuyao=Cabuyao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korla=Korla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhunjhunu=Jhunjhunu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imus=Imus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_del_Este=Punta del Este
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qardho=Qardho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamnagar=Jamnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohat=Kohat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izu,_Shizuoka=Izu, Shizuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaezaki=Omaezaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andisheh=Andisheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baharestan,_Isfahan=Baharestan, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Salt=Al-Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitwe=Kitwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morden,_Manitoba=Morden, Manitoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asadabad,_Iran=Asadabad, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machilipatnam=Machilipatnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langley,_British_Columbia_(city)=Langley, British Columbia (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Reina=La Reina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Condes=Las Condes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanto,_Toyama=Nanto, Toyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douliu=Douliu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puzi=Puzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taibao=Taibao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuefuki=Fuefuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizhou=Pizhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouidah=Ouidah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohicon=Bohicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parakou=Parakou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malanville=Malanville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djougou=Djougou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natitingou=Natitingou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokuto,_Yamanashi=Hokuto, Yamanashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai,_Yamanashi=Kai, Yamanashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadow_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Meadow Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palu=Palu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalady=Kalady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberley,_British_Columbia=Kimberley, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makkari,_Hokkaido=Makkari, Hokkaido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_Espejo=Lo Espejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Lake,_British_Columbia=Williams Lake, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilagan=Ilagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calabar=Calabar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakasatsunai,_Hokkaido=Nakasatsunai, Hokkaido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahabad=Mahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakamura-ku,_Nagoya=Nakamura-ku, Nagoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakor=Dakor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianwali=Mianwali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahpanhes=Tahpanhes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xichang=Xichang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyalshing=Gyalshing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamshoro=Jamshoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balasore=Balasore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiuquan=Jiuquan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canlaon=Canlaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bais,_Negros_Oriental=Bais, Negros Oriental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjay=Tanjay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talca=Talca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vizianagaram=Vizianagaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganpatipule=Ganpatipule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinh=Vinh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiroft=Jiroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pak_Kret=Pak Kret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaunpur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Jaunpur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenali=Tenali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandannagar=Chandannagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercier,_Quebec=Mercier, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dholka_City=Dholka City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valsad=Valsad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baturyn=Baturyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faridkot,_Punjab=Faridkot, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firuzabad,_Fars=Firuzabad, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vallabh_Vidhyanagar=Vallabh Vidhyanagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subang_Jaya=Subang Jaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tixtla=Tixtla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madaba=Madaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandvi=Mandvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tocaima=Tocaima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huancavelica=Huancavelica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermanshah=Kermanshah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicholim=Bicholim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villena=Villena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Taref=El Taref
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M'Sila,_Algeria=M'Sila, Algeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skikda=Skikda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khachmaz_District=Khachmaz District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhchivan_(city)=Nakhchivan (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel_de_Allende=San Miguel de Allende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardhaman=Bardhaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Qadarif=Al Qadarif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabanatuan=Cabanatuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouna,_Ivory_Coast=Bouna, Ivory Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biankouma=Biankouma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Lahou=Grand Lahou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundiali=Boundiali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuxin=Fuxin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idar=Idar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakodar=Nakodar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhalrapatan=Jhalrapatan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsugaru,_Aomori=Tsugaru, Aomori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binjai=Binjai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhelum=Jhelum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianyang=Mianyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlaquepaque=Tlaquepaque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salalah=Salalah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucheng,_Shanxi=Lucheng, Shanxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sarre=La Sarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acton_Vale,_Quebec=Acton Vale, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tafilah=Tafilah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamuna_Nagar=Yamuna Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pimpri-Chinchwad=Pimpri-Chinchwad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qidong,_Jiangsu=Qidong, Jiangsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhon_Si_Thammarat=Nakhon Si Thammarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rangpo=Rangpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candiac,_Quebec=Candiac, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarand,_Iran=Zarand, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redcliffe_City,_Queensland=Redcliffe City, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizamabad,_Telangana=Nizamabad, Telangana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona,_Venezuela=Barcelona, Venezuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shima,_Mie=Shima, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cangzhou=Cangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharishi_Vedic_City,_Iowa=Maharishi Vedic City, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaoyou=Gaoyou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masbate_City=Masbate City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitrakoot,_Madhya_Pradesh=Chitrakoot, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Arnaud,_Victoria=St Arnaud, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nador=Nador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleksandriia,_Kirovohrad_Oblast=Oleksandriia, Kirovohrad Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamura,_Fukushima=Tamura, Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanded-Waghala=Nanded-Waghala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unnao=Unnao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan,_Argentina=San Juan, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedmont,_South_Dakota=Piedmont, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thottiyam=Thottiyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latacunga=Latacunga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumbi=Kumbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malacca_City=Malacca City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghazipur=Ghazipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayula,_Jalisco=Sayula, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madanapalle=Madanapalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noonmati=Noonmati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langford,_British_Columbia=Langford, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukittinggi=Bukittinggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jijiga=Jijiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puttur,_Karnataka=Puttur, Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipljan=Lipljan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zibo=Zibo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuzhou=Zhuzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaozhuang=Zaozhuang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saharanpur=Saharanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alajuela=Alajuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacoronte=Tacoronte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ochakiv=Ochakiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mdina=Mdina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qormi=Qormi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaleq=Jaleq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanya=Sanya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molepolole=Molepolole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bairnsdale=Bairnsdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaur=Nagaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anand,_Gujarat=Anand, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhai=Wuhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giridih=Giridih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazaribagh=Hazaribagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumla=Gumla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deoghar=Deoghar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baidoa=Baidoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhumri_Telaiya=Jhumri Telaiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahir_Dar=Bahir Dar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_de_Veraguas=Santiago de Veraguas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Tablas,_Los_Santos=Las Tablas, Los Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasaram=Sasaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chabahar=Chabahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakur=Pakur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianshui=Tianshui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mwanza=Mwanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisen,_Akita=Daisen, Akita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivpuri=Shivpuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahebganj=Sahebganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simdega=Simdega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokoja=Lokoja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cospicua=Cospicua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gohad=Gohad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latehar=Latehar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garhwa=Garhwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guihulngan=Guihulngan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumka=Dumka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamtara=Jamtara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adilabad=Adilabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangareddi=Sangareddi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakinada=Kakinada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eluru=Eluru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karwar=Karwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beed=Beed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seppa=Seppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasighat=Pasighat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daporijo=Daporijo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomdila=Bomdila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khonsa=Khonsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagbilaran=Tagbilaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coyhaique=Coyhaique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagadian=Pagadian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golpayegan=Golpayegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thathawata=Thathawata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinsukia=Tinsukia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silchar=Silchar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diphu=Diphu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keylong=Keylong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahan=Nahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaibasa=Chaibasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nongpoh=Nongpoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghmara,_India=Baghmara, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nongstoin=Nongstoin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamnagar=Williamnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunungsitoli=Gunungsitoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Lampung=Bandar Lampung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tai'an=Tai'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haldwani=Haldwani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambassa=Ambassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamui=Jamui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katihar=Katihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khagaria=Khagaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakhisarai=Lakhisarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munger=Munger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawada=Nawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samastipur=Samastipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzaffarpur=Muzaffarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheikhpura=Sheikhpura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purnia=Purnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saharsa=Saharsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bihar_Sharif=Bihar Sharif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettiah=Bettiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhabua=Bhabua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhapra=Chhapra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motihari=Motihari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahwa=Ahwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panruti=Panruti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Raymond,_Quebec=Saint-Raymond, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burla,_India=Burla, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vapi=Vapi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kankroli=Kankroli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balad,_Iraq=Balad, Iraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangri-La_City=Shangri-La City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deyang=Deyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalaun=Jalaun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_Tanura=Ras Tanura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hengshui=Hengshui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fray_Bentos=Fray Bentos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langfang=Langfang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatehpur,_Rajasthan=Fatehpur, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colwood,_British_Columbia=Colwood, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontianak,_Indonesia=Pontianak, Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhangjiagang=Zhangjiagang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawalgarh,_Rajasthan=Nawalgarh, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumen_City=Yumen City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiayuguan_City=Jiayuguan City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malerkotla=Malerkotla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargodha=Sargodha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biskra=Biskra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djelfa=Djelfa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostaganem=Mostaganem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Oued=El Oued
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolfa=Jolfa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durgapur=Durgapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangkal_Pinang=Pangkal Pinang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serampore=Serampore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semnan,_Iran=Semnan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhindwara=Chhindwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prijedor=Prijedor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modasa=Modasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khambhat=Khambhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulunbuir=Hulunbuir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhalantun=Zhalantun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandharpur=Pandharpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizwa=Nizwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panvel=Panvel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuttack=Cuttack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huozhou=Huozhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yongji,_Shanxi=Yongji, Shanxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada,_Serbia=Ada, Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higashimatsushima,_Miyagi=Higashimatsushima, Miyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ullal=Ullal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aisai,_Aichi=Aisai, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagha_Purana=Bagha Purana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roorkee=Roorkee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajmahal=Rajmahal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uruapan=Uruapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Malbaie=La Malbaie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linfen=Linfen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufeng,_Guangdong=Lufeng, Guangdong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma'an=Ma'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qinzhou=Qinzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pishva=Pishva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucena,_Philippines=Lucena, Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porur=Porur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maragheh=Maragheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changzhou=Changzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukhed=Mukhed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udhampur=Udhampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luohe=Luohe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heshan,_Guangdong=Heshan, Guangdong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Kembangan=Seri Kembangan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heze=Heze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Sauveur,_Quebec=Saint-Sauveur, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegang=Hegang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheberghan=Sheberghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunshan=Kunshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuyang=Fuyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panabo=Panabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xuancheng=Xuancheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongren=Tongren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuquan,_Guizhou=Fuquan, Guizhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingzhen=Qingzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jishou=Jishou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar-e_Emam_Khomeyni=Bandar-e Emam Khomeyni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andimeshk=Andimeshk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milagro,_Ecuador=Milagro, Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playas,_Ecuador=Playas, Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liling=Liling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shushtar=Shushtar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiwani=Jiwani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behbahan=Behbahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omidiyeh=Omidiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagh-e_Malek=Bagh-e Malek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izeh=Izeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar-e_Mahshahr=Bandar-e Mahshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramhormoz=Ramhormoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadegan=Shadegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salinas,_Ecuador=Salinas, Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garmsar=Garmsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iranshahr_(city)=Iranshahr (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarbaz=Sarbaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merca=Merca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khorramabad=Khorramabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Torkaman=Bandar Torkaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Grande,_Alabama=Valley Grande, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuxi=Yuxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jian'ou=Jian'ou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruili=Ruili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pu'er_City=Pu'er City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linxia_City=Linxia City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeyawaddy=Zeyawaddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yulin,_Shaanxi=Yulin, Shaanxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ya'an=Ya'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzaffargarh=Muzaffargarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luzhou=Luzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Joli=Mont-Joli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masuleh=Masuleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaporizhia=Zaporizhia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingmen=Jingmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samarinda=Samarinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachinar=Parachinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongxiang=Zhongxiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shishou=Shishou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose,_Nueva_Ecija=San Jose, Nueva Ecija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armorel,_Arkansas=Armorel, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiaogan=Xiaogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trois-Pistoles,_Quebec=Trois-Pistoles, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falavarjan=Falavarjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montmagny,_Quebec=Montmagny, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haldia=Haldia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deeg=Deeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingdingshan=Pingdingshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thangadh=Thangadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arochukwu=Arochukwu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo,_Chile=Santo Domingo, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naldurg=Naldurg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabano=Cabano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qorasuv=Qorasuv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Augusta,_Minnesota=St. Augusta, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhar=Abhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbanza-Ngungu=Mbanza-Ngungu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabzevar=Sabzevar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horlivka=Horlivka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahavand=Nahavand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bekasi=Bekasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punalur=Punalur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnapore=Midnapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Luis,_Argentina=San Luis, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sohar=Sohar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lashkar_Gah=Lashkar Gah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martensville=Martensville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anuppur=Anuppur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bean_Station,_Tennessee=Bean Station, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrogate,_Tennessee=Harrogate, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacombe,_Alberta=Lacombe, Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altay_City=Altay City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hami_City=Hami City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandla=Mandla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahada,_Maharashtra=Shahada, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiping=Kaiping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kretinga=Kretinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jining=Jining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Baquerizo_Moreno=Puerto Baquerizo Moreno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frutillar=Frutillar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enderby,_British_Columbia=Enderby, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueva_Loja=Nueva Loja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowansville=Cowansville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikopol,_Dnipropetrovsk_Oblast=Nikopol, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehran,_Ilam=Mehran, Ilam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okahandja=Okahandja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsham,_Victoria=Horsham, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventure,_Quebec=Bonaventure, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligudarz=Aligudarz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuhdasht=Kuhdasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azna,_Lorestan=Azna, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pol-e_Dokhtar=Pol-e Dokhtar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coaticook,_Quebec=Coaticook, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linyi=Linyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butuan=Butuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anqing=Anqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joondalup=Joondalup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tieling=Tieling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyon_Country,_Santa_Clarita,_California=Canyon Country, Santa Clarita, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuzhou=Chuzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narwar=Narwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tocopilla=Tocopilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stryi=Stryi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaohu=Chaohu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarn_Taran_Sahib=Tarn Taran Sahib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahrekord=Shahrekord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malegaon=Malegaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damoh=Damoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarzal=Zarzal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalpi=Kalpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeb=Seeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaora=Jaora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telde=Telde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treinta_y_Tres=Treinta y Tres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghaziabad,_Uttar_Pradesh=Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoveyzeh=Hoveyzeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dindigul=Dindigul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuwarah=Zuwarah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wafangdian=Wafangdian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudanjiang=Mudanjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jintan=Jintan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panjin=Panjin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baishan=Baishan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaoyang,_Liaoning=Chaoyang, Liaoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gongzhuling=Gongzhuling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fengzhen=Fengzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sopara=Sopara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayapur=Mayapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palayamkottai=Palayamkottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhatta=Nowhatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolomyia=Kolomyia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posadas,_Misiones=Posadas, Misiones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanumangarh=Hanumangarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhilwara=Bhilwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhon_Pathom=Nakhon Pathom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changji=Changji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danao,_Cebu=Danao, Cebu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hvar_(city)=Hvar (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilaspur,_Chhattisgarh=Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilaspur,_Himachal_Pradesh=Bilaspur, Himachal Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiniot=Chiniot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerrillos,_Chile=Cerrillos, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerro_Navia=Cerro Navia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Bosque,_Chile=El Bosque, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabadbaran=Cabadbaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huechuraba=Huechuraba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independencia,_Chile=Independencia, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cisterna=La Cisterna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Florida,_Chile=La Florida, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Granja,_Chile=La Granja, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Pintana=La Pintana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_Prado=Lo Prado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macul=Macul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Aguirre_Cerda,_Chile=Pedro Aguirre Cerda, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pudahuel=Pudahuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinta_Normal=Quinta Normal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recoleta,_Chile=Recoleta, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renca=Renca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel,_Chile=San Miguel, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayugan=Bayugan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coquimbo=Coquimbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bago,_Negros_Occidental=Bago, Negros Occidental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadiz,_Negros_Occidental=Cadiz, Negros Occidental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escalante,_Negros_Occidental=Escalante, Negros Occidental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himamaylan=Himamaylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabankalan=Kabankalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Carlota,_Negros_Occidental=La Carlota, Negros Occidental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagay,_Negros_Occidental=Sagay, Negros Occidental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos,_Negros_Occidental=San Carlos, Negros Occidental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sipalay=Sipalay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talisay,_Negros_Occidental=Talisay, Negros Occidental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silay=Silay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorias=Victorias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barmer,_Rajasthan=Barmer, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banswara=Banswara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keren,_Eritrea=Keren, Eritrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teseney=Teseney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzhou,_Jiangxi=Fuzhou, Jiangxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuzhong,_Ningxia=Wuzhong, Ningxia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uman=Uman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel,_El_Salvador=San Miguel, El Salvador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xilinhot=Xilinhot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhatpara=Bhatpara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongliao=Tongliao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zunheboto=Zunheboto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligao=Ligao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacurong=Tacurong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samal,_Davao_del_Norte=Samal, Davao del Norte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagum=Tagum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izmail=Izmail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolhrad=Bolhrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quchan=Quchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaminos,_Pangasinan=Alaminos, Pangasinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urdaneta,_Pangasinan=Urdaneta, Pangasinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos,_Pangasinan=San Carlos, Pangasinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagupan=Dagupan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_(Philippine_city)=Santiago (Philippine city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cauayan,_Isabela=Cauayan, Isabela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amqui=Amqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittorgarh=Chittorgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yingde=Yingde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palanga=Palanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bole,_Xinjiang=Bole, Xinjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuytun=Kuytun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wusu=Wusu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_de_los_Morros=San Juan de los Morros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadhwan=Wadhwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapurthala=Kapurthala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korba,_Chhattisgarh=Korba, Chhattisgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huaibei=Huaibei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yichun,_Jiangxi=Yichun, Jiangxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huainan=Huainan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiyan=Shiyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuzhou=Wuzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji'an=Ji'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narayanganj=Narayanganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baicheng=Baicheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liaoyuan=Liaoyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trece_Martires=Trece Martires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koronadal=Koronadal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siping,_Jilin=Siping, Jilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapopan=Zapopan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satai=Satai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuautla,_Jalisco=Cuautla, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieuw_Nickerie=Nieuw Nickerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanmenxia=Sanmenxia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiaozuo=Jiaozuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebi=Hebi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maoming=Maoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingyuan=Qingyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanchong=Nanchong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidapawan=Kidapawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heyuan=Heyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyay=Pyay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yichun,_Heilongjiang=Yichun, Heilongjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanauan,_Batangas=Tanauan, Batangas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayda,_Libya=Bayda, Libya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jixi=Jixi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calbayog=Calbayog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dapitan=Dapitan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacheng=Tacheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suihua=Suihua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surigao_City=Surigao City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qitaihe=Qitaihe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lengshuijiang=Lengshuijiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaoyang=Shaoyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangqiu=Shangqiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suining=Suining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Fernando,_Pampanga=San Fernando, Pampanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia,_Bukidnon=Valencia, Bukidnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rangpur_City=Rangpur City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oroquieta=Oroquieta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozamiz=Ozamiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangub=Tangub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naga,_Camarines_Sur=Naga, Camarines Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iriga=Iriga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiruppur=Tiruppur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narora=Narora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarlac_City=Tarlac City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bougouni=Bougouni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheikhupura=Sheikhupura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokaro_Steel_City=Bokaro Steel City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renqiu=Renqiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matagami=Matagami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardis=Pardis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashtgerd=Hashtgerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mati,_Davao_Oriental=Mati, Davao Oriental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borongan=Borongan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passi,_Iloilo=Passi, Iloilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bredevoort=Bredevoort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klundert=Klundert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manokwari=Manokwari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maasin=Maasin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tema=Tema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daloa=Daloa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thatta=Thatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Road=Abu Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palanpur=Palanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanlyin=Thanlyin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagda=Nagda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadiqabad=Sadiqabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaithal=Kaithal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adigrat=Adigrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignalina=Ignalina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aral,_Xinjiang=Aral, Xinjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Princesa=Puerto Princesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calapan=Calapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Salvador,_Misamis_Oriental=El Salvador, Misamis Oriental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahiwal=Sahiwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baybay=Baybay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palayan=Palayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gebze=Gebze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimapur=Dimapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amroha=Amroha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamptee=Kamptee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalpaiguri=Jalpaiguri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeramangalam=Keeramangalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umreth=Umreth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namangan=Namangan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangyang=Dangyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koplik=Koplik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juazeiro=Juazeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rezvanshahr,_Gilan=Rezvanshahr, Gilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigatse=Shigatse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulin=Hulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pataudi=Pataudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methala=Methala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ixtapa=Ixtapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitaakita,_Akita=Kitaakita, Akita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yavatmal=Yavatmal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Settat=Settat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanesar=Thanesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chortkiv=Chortkiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burshtyn=Burshtyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuncheng=Yuncheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadayanallur=Kadayanallur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobija=Cobija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artigas,_Uruguay=Artigas, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canelones,_Uruguay=Canelones, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melo,_Uruguay=Melo, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas,_Uruguay=Minas, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durazno=Durazno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salto,_Uruguay=Salto, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes,_Uruguay=Mercedes, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad,_Uruguay=Trinidad, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida,_Uruguay=Florida, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivera=Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalner=Amalner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iguala=Iguala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrah=Arrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alore=Alore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharmavaram,_Anantapur_district=Dharmavaram, Anantapur district
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hathras=Hathras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambala=Ambala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Varas=Puerto Varas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soltaniyeh=Soltaniyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiaret=Tiaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betul,_Madhya_Pradesh=Betul, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catemaco=Catemaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhu=Wuhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dholpur=Dholpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karauli=Karauli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varamin=Varamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimchaek=Kimchaek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadjoura=Tadjoura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhalawar=Jhalawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhyn=Nizhyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauri=Pauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurukshetra=Kurukshetra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kremenets=Kremenets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naypyidaw=Naypyidaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bantwal=Bantwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marondera=Marondera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malpur=Malpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shengzhou=Shengzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mymensingh=Mymensingh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uruma,_Okinawa=Uruma, Okinawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raebareli=Raebareli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beri,_Haryana=Beri, Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batac=Batac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beypore=Beypore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonqor=Sonqor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Pen=May Pen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valenzuela,_Paraguay=Valenzuela, Paraguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cilegon=Cilegon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alushta=Alushta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alupka=Alupka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nnewi=Nnewi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobamba=Lobamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakanoto,_Ishikawa=Nakanoto, Ishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunnamkulam=Kunnamkulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuj=Yasuj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huangshan_City=Huangshan City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal_West,_Quebec=Montreal West, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyzhnytsia=Vyzhnytsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertsa=Hertsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookhaven,_Georgia=Brookhaven, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurdaspur=Gurdaspur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firozabad=Firozabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoshiarpur=Hoshiarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shikarpur,_Sindh=Shikarpur, Sindh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adoni=Adoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schefferville,_Quebec=Schefferville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsburg-Chatham,_Quebec=Brownsburg-Chatham, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultanpur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Sultanpur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huaihua=Huaihua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengurla=Vengurla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinyanga=Shinyanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbeya=Mbeya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur=Kannur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirohi=Sirohi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasikmalaya=Tasikmalaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajsamand=Rajsamand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ihiala=Ihiala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debre_Berhan=Debre Berhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospet=Hospet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baberu=Baberu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungarpur=Dungarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanchipuram=Kanchipuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutherlin,_Oregon=Sutherlin, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sriperumbudur=Sriperumbudur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malartic,_Quebec=Malartic, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuanjiang=Yuanjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandleshwar=Mandleshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugli-Chuchura=Hugli-Chuchura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pablo_Tacachico=San Pablo Tacachico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yenangyaung=Yenangyaung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khairagarh=Khairagarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansi=Hansi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minab=Minab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danapur=Danapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdochville,_Quebec=Murdochville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enping=Enping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mubarakpur=Mubarakpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocula,_Jalisco=Cocula, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabriya=Jabriya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrhorod=Myrhorod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langzhong=Langzhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukabumi=Sukabumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huludao=Huludao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauport,_Quebec_City=Beauport, Quebec City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najafgarh=Najafgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balaghat=Balaghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongu=Mongu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradip=Paradip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babolsar=Babolsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastak=Bastak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khonj=Khonj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alipurduar=Alipurduar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purulia=Purulia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarak=Anarak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yong'an=Yong'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikkurila=Tikkurila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golmud=Golmud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonda,_Uttar_Pradesh=Gonda, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govardhan=Govardhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halisahar=Halisahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senneterre,_Quebec=Senneterre, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okene=Okene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheohar=Sheohar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farah,_Afghanistan=Farah, Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunian=Chunian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otjiwarongo=Otjiwarongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palangkaraya=Palangkaraya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudivada=Gudivada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Tianguistenco=Santiago Tianguistenco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorman,_Texas=Gorman, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratapgarh,_Uttar_Pradesh=Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurso,_Quebec=Thurso, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasuruan=Pasuruan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envigado=Envigado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonsonate,_El_Salvador=Sonsonate, El Salvador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dera_Ghazi_Khan=Dera Ghazi Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panzhihua=Panzhihua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neijiang=Neijiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangyuan=Guangyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziyang=Ziyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naqadeh=Naqadeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansa,_Punjab=Mansa, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa_de_Osos=Santa Rosa de Osos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Lima=Nova Lima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopar_Khairane=Kopar Khairane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delijan=Delijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waynesboro,_Georgia=Waynesboro, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinthada=Hinthada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helwan=Helwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barakaldo=Barakaldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobabad=Jacobabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hapur=Hapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagamu=Sagamu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowshahr=Nowshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurunegala=Kurunegala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patan,_Rajasthan=Patan, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitapur=Sitapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundri=Samundri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sloviansk=Sloviansk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balurghat=Balurghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rairangpur=Rairangpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takab=Takab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariental,_Namibia=Mariental, Namibia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilobu=Ilobu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vang_Vieng=Vang Vieng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhusawal=Bhusawal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England,_Arkansas=England, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhachau=Bhachau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itarsi=Itarsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xuanwei=Xuanwei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratnapura=Ratnapura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonava=Jonava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chop,_Ukraine=Chop, Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castro,_Chile=Castro, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabarangpur=Nabarangpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonepur,_Odisha=Sonepur, Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikamgarh=Tikamgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuanghe=Zhuanghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guna,_India=Guna, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponta_Grossa=Ponta Grossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhyamgram=Madhyamgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taizhou,_Jiangsu=Taizhou, Jiangsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Targovishte=Targovishte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khemkaran=Khemkaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamerd=Lamerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gokak=Gokak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain_Ebel=Ain Ebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laxmangarh=Laxmangarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballia=Ballia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azamgarh=Azamgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulandshahr=Bulandshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnham,_Quebec=Farnham, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teno=Teno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiaohe,_Jilin=Jiaohe, Jilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sujangarh=Sujangarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etah=Etah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silao,_Nalanda=Silao, Nalanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrar,_Algeria=Adrar, Algeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himatnagar=Himatnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakagawa-ku,_Nagoya=Nakagawa-ku, Nagoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eqlid=Eqlid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Llanos_de_Aridane=Los Llanos de Aridane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnodon=Krasnodon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingtai=Xingtai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puyang=Puyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granadero_Baigorria=Granadero Baigorria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Lorenzo,_Santa_Fe=San Lorenzo, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damanjodi=Damanjodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijnor=Bijnor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindaun=Hindaun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chestermere=Chestermere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barisal=Barisal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batala=Batala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quillota=Quillota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khetri=Khetri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suqian=Suqian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangaon=Bangaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valapattanam=Valapattanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sehore=Sehore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalore=Jalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hariana=Hariana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zunyi=Zunyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dausa=Dausa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Ganganagar=Sri Ganganagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badulla=Badulla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimahi=Cimahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haibak=Haibak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinganghat=Hinganghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Forks,_British_Columbia=Grand Forks, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalagarh=Nalagarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harihar=Harihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murtajapur=Murtajapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonar=Lonar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_City_Region=Liverpool City Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atenas=Atenas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funes,_Santa_Fe=Funes, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chishtian=Chishtian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Jakarta=West Jakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Jakarta=East Jakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Jakarta=North Jakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Jakarta=Central Jakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Jakarta=South Jakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafaela=Rafaela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabana,_Peru=Cabana, Peru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunyani=Sunyani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koforidua=Koforidua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhimavaram=Bhimavaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudal=Kudal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cap-Chat,_Quebec=Cap-Chat, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salavan_(city)=Salavan (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carora=Carora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beawar=Beawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siwan,_Bihar=Siwan, Bihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maku,_Iran=Maku, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behshahr=Behshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_la_Cruz=Puerto la Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firozpur=Firozpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaria=Zaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vairengte=Vairengte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dina,_Pakistan=Dina, Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anenii_Noi=Anenii Noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabhoi=Dabhoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhang=Jhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venado_Tuerto=Venado Tuerto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khumulwng=Khumulwng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reconquista,_Santa_Fe=Reconquista, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagtial=Jagtial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yongzhou=Yongzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhiban,_Jordan=Dhiban, Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angol=Angol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qazax=Qazax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oghuz_(city)=Oghuz (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qabala=Qabala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamakhi=Shamakhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marari_Beach=Marari Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendari=Kendari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yushu,_Jilin=Yushu, Jilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianmen=Tianmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangrur=Sangrur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casilda=Casilda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronda=Coronda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhamtari=Dhamtari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhoukou=Zhoukou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinyang=Xinyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinhua=Jinhua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilkhchi=Ilkhchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Cebu=Metro Cebu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kramatorsk=Kramatorsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okara,_Pakistan=Okara, Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miandoab=Miandoab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokokchung=Mokokchung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostiantynivka=Kostiantynivka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uri,_Jammu_and_Kashmir=Uri, Jammu and Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bermeo=Bermeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liaocheng=Liaocheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laiwu=Laiwu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okhtyrka=Okhtyrka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alirajpur=Alirajpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizhao=Rizhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binzhou=Binzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanguem=Sanguem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rietavas=Rietavas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirupati,_Andhra_Pradesh=Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasco_da_Gama,_Goa=Vasco da Gama, Goa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzhou,_Anhui=Suzhou, Anhui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chizhou=Chizhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu'an=Lu'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayana=Bayana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumher=Kumher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunglei=Lunglei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhijiang,_Hubei=Zhijiang, Hubei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera,_Santa_Fe=Vera, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arroyo_Seco,_Santa_Fe=Arroyo Seco, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junnar=Junnar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurara=Kurara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wai,_Maharashtra=Wai, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damghan=Damghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darab=Darab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maicao=Maicao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukteshwar=Mukteshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makinohara=Makinohara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izunokuni=Izunokuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazerun=Kazerun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadirur=Kadirur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jampur=Jampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukhrul=Ukhrul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiangyang=Xiangyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leandro_N._Alem,_Misiones=Leandro N. Alem, Misiones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suizhou=Suizhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anbaran=Anbaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goya,_Argentina=Goya, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paso_de_los_Libres=Paso de los Libres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macas_(city)=Macas (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gobernador_Virasoro=Gobernador Virasoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapala=Zapala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kishangarh=Kishangarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parepare=Parepare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deir_Alla=Deir Alla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juazeiro_do_Norte=Juazeiro do Norte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villaguay=Villaguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cipolletti=Cipolletti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingxiang=Pingxiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morbi=Morbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qorveh=Qorveh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueva_Palmira=Nueva Palmira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navegantes=Navegantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoni,_Madhya_Pradesh=Seoni, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzhouli=Manzhouli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satna=Satna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirajganj=Sirajganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailhongal=Bailhongal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wujiaqu=Wujiaqu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumxuk=Tumxuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzhavoor=Uzhavoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damour=Damour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronel,_Chile=Coronel, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artux=Artux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldera,_Chile=Caldera, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanwei=Shanwei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinogasta=Tinogasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carignan,_Quebec=Carignan, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damaturu=Damaturu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalingo=Jalingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aran_va_Bidgol=Aran va Bidgol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangra,_Himachal_Pradesh=Kangra, Himachal Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loharu=Loharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonbad-e_Kavus=Gonbad-e Kavus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukang=Fukang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xemxija=Xemxija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munsiyari=Munsiyari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathankot=Pathankot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benaulim=Benaulim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poipet=Poipet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangjiang=Yangjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhargram=Jhargram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhanwar,_Giridih=Dhanwar, Giridih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bondoukou=Bondoukou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaoyang=Zaoyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sreekaryam=Sreekaryam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barabanki_city=Barabanki city
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabestar=Shabestar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidhannagar,_Kolkata=Bidhannagar, Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhatkal=Bhatkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanhe=Sanhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didwana=Didwana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilohirsk=Bilohirsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shantipur=Shantipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranaghat=Ranaghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Bazar=English Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basirhat=Basirhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habra=Habra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naihati=Naihati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinjiang,_Fujian=Jinjiang, Fujian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pincourt,_Quebec=Pincourt, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amreli=Amreli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navsari=Navsari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandawa=Mandawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivdaspur=Shivdaspur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baggar=Baggar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saidpur_City=Saidpur City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pematangsiantar=Pematangsiantar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum_North=Khartoum North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melur=Melur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwekwe=Kwekwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canoas=Canoas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitamau=Sitamau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailana=Sailana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhadravati,_Karnataka=Bhadravati, Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharchula=Dharchula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlu,_Nigeria=Orlu, Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oguta=Oguta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikmagalur=Chikmagalur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahr-e_Babak=Shahr-e Babak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruz_del_Eje=Cruz del Eje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attapeu=Attapeu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anandpur_Sahib=Anandpur Sahib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshnavieh=Oshnavieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardasht,_West_Azerbaijan=Sardasht, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahin_Dezh=Shahin Dezh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahpur,_Karnataka=Shahpur, Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hachimantai,_Iwate=Hachimantai, Iwate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khilchipur=Khilchipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maihar=Maihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagod=Nagod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos,_Chile=San Carlos, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otterburn_Park,_Quebec=Otterburn Park, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opobo=Opobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aradan,_Iran=Aradan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastam=Bastam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhangjiajie=Zhangjiajie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenzhou=Chenzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changde=Changde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalpeni=Kalpeni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenaran=Chenaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torbat-e_Heydarieh=Torbat-e Heydarieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarakhs=Sarakhs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashmar=Kashmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charkhi_Dadri=Charkhi Dadri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahrud,_Iran=Shahrud, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fasa=Fasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvdasht=Marvdasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoeryong=Hoeryong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick,_Quebec=Warwick, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahidpur=Mahidpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasilpur=Hasilpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baneh=Baneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamyaran=Kamyaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divandarreh=Divandarreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marivan=Marivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazipur_City=Gazipur City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opaka=Opaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadhri=Jagadhri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Fernando,_Chile=San Fernando, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumen,_Jilin=Tumen, Jilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinis=Thinis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirjan=Sirjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ortigueira=Ortigueira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunar=Chunar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandausi=Chandausi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umaria=Umaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khargone=Khargone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shajapur=Shajapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raisen=Raisen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondia=Gondia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raigarh=Raigarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echizen,_Fukui=Echizen, Fukui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orai=Orai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manjil=Manjil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadchiroli=Gadchiroli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katagami,_Akita=Katagami, Akita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warora=Warora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhor=Bhor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villarrica,_Chile=Villarrica, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hingoli=Hingoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmanabad=Osmanabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parbhani=Parbhani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katni=Katni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahdol=Shahdol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheopur=Sheopur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidhi=Sidhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhingar=Bhingar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torres,_Rio_Grande_do_Sul=Torres, Rio Grande do Sul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jind=Jind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirsa,_Haryana=Sirsa, Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhiwani=Bhiwani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panchkula=Panchkula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewari=Rewari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohtak=Rohtak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonipat=Sonipat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godda=Godda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ares,_Spain=Ares, Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagalkot=Bagalkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandauli=Chandauli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhangqiu=Zhangqiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghpat=Baghpat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadbai=Nadbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charkhari=Charkhari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawai_Madhopur=Sawai Madhopur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankura=Bankura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piploda=Piploda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tal,_Madhya_Pradesh=Tal, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhandara=Bhandara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zavareh=Zavareh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obrovac,_Croatia=Obrovac, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doda=Doda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baramulla=Baramulla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bteghrine=Bteghrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crvenka=Crvenka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Tremblant,_Quebec=Mont-Tremblant, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durg=Durg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijawar=Bijawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balrampur=Balrampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bansda=Bansda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahar,_Iran=Bahar, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barpeta=Barpeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhubri=Dhubri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongaigaon=Bongaigaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goalpara=Goalpara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golaghat=Golaghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hailakandi=Hailakandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooksville,_Florida=Brooksville, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanyuan=Wanyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Luis,_Arizona=San Luis, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palakollu=Palakollu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Deseado=Puerto Deseado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bampur=Bampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nain,_Iran=Nain, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mogoditshane=Mogoditshane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thakhek=Thakhek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pithoragarh=Pithoragarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baharampur=Baharampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamirpur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Hamirpur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bageshwar=Bageshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partapur,_Rajasthan=Partapur, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabinda_(city)=Cabinda (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jepara=Jepara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalanaur,_Punjab=Kalanaur, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinsurah=Chinsurah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pithampur=Pithampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naina_Devi=Naina Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingliang=Pingliang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devgadh_Baria=Devgadh Baria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suryapet=Suryapet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hezuo=Hezuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehari=Vehari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antelias=Antelias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utena=Utena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guntur=Guntur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadapa=Kadapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guntakal=Guntakal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasni_(city)=Pasni (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramagundam=Ramagundam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagraon=Jagraon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhanaula=Dhanaula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalabagh=Kalabagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrinja=Petrinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zubin_Potok=Zubin Potok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagaon=Nagaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalbari=Nalbari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marigaon=Marigaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokrajhar=Kokrajhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thayetmyo=Thayetmyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antanifotsy=Antanifotsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morondava=Morondava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbat=Turbat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardestan=Ardestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venkatagirikota=Venkatagirikota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abomey-Calavi=Abomey-Calavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allada=Allada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banikoara=Banikoara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokossa=Lokossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogbo-Tota=Dogbo-Tota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikki,_Benin=Nikki, Benin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tchaourou=Tchaourou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savalou=Savalou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludbreg=Ludbreg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novigrad,_Istria_County=Novigrad, Istria County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakrac=Pakrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venta=Venta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehu=Dehu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orkanger=Orkanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongfang,_Hainan=Dongfang, Hainan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amioun=Amioun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nandyal=Nandyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quthbullapur=Quthbullapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proddatur=Proddatur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madiun=Madiun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudsar=Rudsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaem_Shahr=Qaem Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abyek=Abyek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henties_Bay=Henties Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mengzi_City=Mengzi City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siddipet=Siddipet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khust=Khust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thikkodi=Thikkodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingyang=Xingyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lansdowne,_Garhwal=Lansdowne, Garhwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardoli=Bardoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taraori=Taraori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barawa=Barawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos,_Uruguay=San Carlos, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumding=Lumding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noamundi=Noamundi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidhmukh=Sidhmukh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taranagar=Taranagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longkou=Longkou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaro,_Iloilo_City=Jaro, Iloilo City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boshruyeh=Boshruyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feroke=Feroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondal,_India=Gondal, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhrangadhra=Dhrangadhra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawhar=Jawhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radhanpur=Radhanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharaghoda=Kharaghoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagal=Kagal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palwal=Palwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupnagar=Rupnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sironj=Sironj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagawa,_Nagano=Nagawa, Nagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burewala=Burewala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardhana=Sardhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrukhabad=Farrukhabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharsawan=Kharsawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villanueva_de_la_Serena=Villanueva de la Serena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padra=Padra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jijel=Jijel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanand=Sanand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baddi=Baddi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagina=Nagina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najibabad=Najibabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunavada=Lunavada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaltan=Phaltan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardarpur=Sardarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landour=Landour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julfa,_Azerbaijan_(city)=Julfa, Azerbaijan (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillaur=Phillaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasrur=Pasrur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akkalkot=Akkalkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantnagar=Pantnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dantewada=Dantewada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagdalpur=Jagdalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awaran=Awaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkhan=Barkhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauranipur=Mauranipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khushab=Khushab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kheri=Kheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnanagar,_Nadia=Krishnanagar, Nadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharajpur,_Madhya_Pradesh=Maharajpur, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuruntwad=Kuruntwad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jahangirpur,_West_Bengal=Jahangirpur, West Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koraput=Koraput
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aapakudal=Aapakudal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lordegan=Lordegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farsan=Farsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrokh_Shahr=Farrokh Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben,_Iran=Ben, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardal=Ardal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandoman=Gandoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adoor=Adoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dera_Allah_Yar=Dera Allah Yar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanuku=Tanuku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malappuram=Malappuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somwarpet=Somwarpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bannu=Bannu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemri=Kemri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bekabad=Bekabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadepalligudem=Tadepalligudem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abohar=Abohar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alappuzha=Alappuzha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deolond=Deolond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svaliava=Svaliava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakhiv=Rakhiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiachiv=Tiachiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irshava=Irshava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhinmal=Bhinmal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambaji=Ambaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuozhou=Shuozhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khanewal=Khanewal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purwokerto=Purwokerto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawantvadi=Sawantvadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasynuvata=Yasynuvata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paharpur,_India=Paharpur, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilari=Bilari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palakkad=Palakkad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cananea=Cananea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talikota=Talikota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yizhou=Yizhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baran_district=Baran district
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errachidia=Errachidia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambir=Sambir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulpahar=Kulpahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valandovo=Valandovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernakulam=Ernakulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kottayam=Kottayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borama=Borama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snizhne=Snizhne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemivsk,_Donetsk_Oblast=Artemivsk, Donetsk Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pryluky=Pryluky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysychansk=Lysychansk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kargil=Kargil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sohag=Sohag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirakawa,_Aomori=Hirakawa, Aomori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portmore,_Jamaica=Portmore, Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suleja=Suleja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pusad=Pusad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baoshan,_Yunnan=Baoshan, Yunnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhaotong=Zhaotong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qujing=Qujing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavarskas=Kavarskas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariogala=Ariogala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skuodas=Skuodas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texarkana_metropolitan_area=Texarkana metropolitan area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedias,_Texas=Bedias, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campana,_Buenos_Aires_Province=Campana, Buenos Aires Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saveh=Saveh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuensang=Tuensang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasvalys=Pasvalys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amlai=Amlai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harissa,_Lebanon=Harissa, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuncolim=Cuncolim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orahovica=Orahovica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lepoglava=Lepoglava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padang_Sidempuan=Padang Sidempuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazdijai=Lazdijai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firuzkuh,_Iran=Firuzkuh, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangavar=Kangavar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sur,_Oman=Sur, Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamanrasset=Tamanrasset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouargla=Ouargla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tizi_Ouzou=Tizi Ouzou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mafraq=Mafraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birpur=Birpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baabda=Baabda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halba=Halba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlef=Chlef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relizane=Relizane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mascara,_Algeria=Mascara, Algeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Natales=Puerto Natales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamsapuram=Mamsapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estahban=Estahban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinyu=Xinyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushalgarh=Kushalgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmas=Salmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon,_India=Mon, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes,_Corrientes=Mercedes, Corrientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fengcheng,_Jiangxi=Fengcheng, Jiangxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Caseros,_Corrientes=Monte Caseros, Corrientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagarkurnool=Nagarkurnool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veraval=Veraval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longjing,_Jilin=Longjing, Jilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yavoriv=Yavoriv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Benito=Don Benito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meymand=Meymand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahreza=Shahreza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavaratty=Pavaratty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gronau,_North_Rhine-Westphalia=Gronau, North Rhine-Westphalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazhong=Bazhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esperanza,_Santa_Fe=Esperanza, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baiyin=Baiyin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phagwara=Phagwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehden=Ehden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonia_Roma=Colonia Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampong_Cham_(city)=Kampong Cham (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Rosas,_Santa_Fe=Las Rosas, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingxi=Dingxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinchang=Jinchang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tostado,_Santa_Fe=Tostado, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longnan=Longnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Javier,_Santa_Fe=San Javier, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Plata_(city)=Puerto Plata (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stakhanov,_Luhansk_Oblast=Stakhanov, Luhansk Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huanggang=Huanggang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alderetes=Alderetes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Justo,_Santa_Fe=San Justo, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingyang=Qingyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhangye=Zhangye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torez=Torez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrapole=Petrapole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aguilares,_Argentina=Aguilares, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuwei,_Gansu=Wuwei, Gansu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khewra,_Punjab=Khewra, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saimbeyli=Saimbeyli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaoping=Gaoping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macheng=Macheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuxue=Wuxue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vormsund=Vormsund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jizhou,_Hebei=Jizhou, Hebei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mormugao=Mormugao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matara,_Sri_Lanka=Matara, Sri Lanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fangchenggang=Fangchenggang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baise=Baise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smila,_Ukraine=Smila, Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laibin=Laibin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongzuo=Chongzuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valdivia=Valdivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertsganj=Robertsganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montoro=Montoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohri=Rohri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hala,_Sindh=Hala, Sindh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khvansar=Khvansar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingxiang,_Guangxi=Pingxiang, Guangxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yongkang,_Zhejiang=Yongkang, Zhejiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gokul=Gokul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neyriz=Neyriz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhakkar=Bhakkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ar_Ramtha=Ar Ramtha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosratabad=Nosratabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Charak=Bandar Charak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hechi=Hechi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hezhou=Hezhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maldonado,_Uruguay=Maldonado, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guigang=Guigang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_I._Madero,_Coahuila=Francisco I. Madero, Coahuila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Richmond,_Quebec=New Richmond, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moguer=Moguer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyoshi,_Tokushima=Miyoshi, Tokushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lospalos=Lospalos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jieh=Jieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Piedras,_Uruguay=Las Piedras, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manavadar=Manavadar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendrapara=Kendrapara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangadu=Mangadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezhou=Ezhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huangshi=Huangshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirsi,_Karnataka=Sirsi, Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xianning=Xianning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qianjiang,_Hubei=Qianjiang, Hubei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angul=Angul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimbarongo=Chimbarongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wokha=Wokha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chibougamau=Chibougamau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panchita=Panchita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jobat=Jobat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balangir=Balangir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahpura,_Bhilwara=Shahpura, Bhilwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nur,_Iran=Nur, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negombo=Negombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilar,_Buenos_Aires_Province=Pilar, Buenos Aires Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamshet=Kamshet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Harrach=El Harrach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danyang,_Jiangsu=Danyang, Jiangsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khowai=Khowai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udaipur,_Tripura=Udaipur, Tripura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankera=Mankera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udaipur=Udaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malvan=Malvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalapuram=Amalapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajarhat=Rajarhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sillanwali=Sillanwali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haveli_Lakha=Haveli Lakha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malbazar=Malbazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horodenka=Horodenka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhydachiv=Zhydachiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rava-Ruska=Rava-Ruska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonekabon=Tonekabon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarapur,_Bihar=Tarapur, Bihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarapur,_Maharashtra=Tarapur, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalvarija,_Lithuania=Kalvarija, Lithuania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatehgarh_Sahib=Fatehgarh Sahib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamenica,_Kosovo=Kamenica, Kosovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suva_Reka=Suva Reka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamkhed=Jamkhed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisophon=Sisophon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battambang=Battambang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pursat=Pursat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phongsali=Phongsali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luang_Namtha=Luang Namtha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbet_Kozhaya=Arbet Kozhaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Vernon,_Indiana=North Vernon, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjarbaru=Banjarbaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royan,_Iran=Royan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salas_de_los_Infantes=Salas de los Infantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pir_Bakran=Pir Bakran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandera=Mandera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yala,_Thailand=Yala, Thailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Justo,_Buenos_Aires=San Justo, Buenos Aires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoperekopsk=Krasnoperekopsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dzhankoy=Dzhankoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipik=Lipik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilokheri=Nilokheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleternica=Pleternica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Papasquiaro=Santiago Papasquiaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodnjan=Vodnjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zierikzee=Zierikzee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brouwershaven=Brouwershaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muang_Xay=Muang Xay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katiola_(town)=Katiola (town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabou=Dabou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antratsyt=Antratsyt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digha=Digha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuljapur=Tuljapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baraut=Baraut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishikesh=Rishikesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tartagal,_Salta=Tartagal, Salta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loznica=Loznica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aley=Aley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quevedo,_Ecuador=Quevedo, Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souf=Souf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakpattan=Pakpattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marungoor=Marungoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehdishahr=Mehdishahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagarparkar=Nagarparkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taftan,_Balochistan=Taftan, Balochistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Channu=Mian Channu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minfeng_Town=Minfeng Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelgard=Chelgard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galiakot=Galiakot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanmu=Sanmu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katori,_Chiba=Katori, Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarrin_Shahr=Zarrin Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulp,_Turkey=Kulp, Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Carlos_Paz=Villa Carlos Paz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ootmarsum=Ootmarsum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bei'an=Bei'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rengo=Rengo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lar,_Iran=Lar, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyram,_Iran=Beyram, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outjo=Outjo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleta_Olivia=Caleta Olivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiashahr=Kiashahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabirwala=Kabirwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorkot=Shorkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raichur=Raichur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitradurga=Chitradurga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolar=Kolar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumkur=Tumkur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagatsinghpur=Jagatsinghpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalamusa=Lalamusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaboli=Zaboli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debagarh=Debagarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendujhar=Kendujhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najafabad=Najafabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundergarh=Sundergarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jharsuguda=Jharsuguda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malkangiri=Malkangiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nayagarh=Nayagarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambalpur=Sambalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiran,_Iran=Tiran, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cixi_City=Cixi City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahor=Ahor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilla_del_Monte=Capilla del Monte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitoyo,_Kagawa=Mitoyo, Kagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osorno,_Chile=Osorno, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuyserkan=Tuyserkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sari,_Iran=Sari, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udgir=Udgir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Ville=Bell Ville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashmore=Kashmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleshtar=Aleshtar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurabad,_Lorestan=Nurabad, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raseiniai=Raseiniai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood,_British_Columbia=Greenwood, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookshire-Eaton,_Quebec=Cookshire-Eaton, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katol=Katol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barranqueras=Barranqueras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrigonda=Shrigonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budhni=Budhni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleshwaram=Kaleshwaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anantnag=Anantnag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Guntur=New Guntur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molina,_Chile=Molina, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sopore=Sopore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challakere=Challakere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnpur=Burnpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amami,_Kagoshima=Amami, Kagoshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andacollo=Andacollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alasht=Alasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunagunda=Hunagunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalandhar_Cantonment=Jalandhar Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yadgir=Yadgir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falna=Falna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomas_de_Chapultepec=Lomas de Chapultepec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alashankou=Alashankou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyakojima,_Okinawa=Miyakojima, Okinawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaqatala_(city)=Zaqatala (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lampa,_Chile=Lampa, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barsana=Barsana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhongir,_Telangana=Bhongir, Telangana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kutiyana=Kutiyana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torbat-e_Jam=Torbat-e Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahad=Mahad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilecito=Chilecito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhenkanal,_India=Dhenkanal, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moga,_Punjab=Moga, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmedabad_Cantonment=Ahmedabad Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Lith=Al Lith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Qunfudhah=Al Qunfudhah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isagarh=Isagarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambala_Sadar=Ambala Sadar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantonment,_Florida=Cantonment, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elko_New_Market,_Minnesota=Elko New Market, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalpa,_Himachal_Pradesh=Kalpa, Himachal Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnacona,_Quebec=Donnacona, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintero=Quintero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nangal=Nangal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvine,_California=Irvine, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linhai=Linhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakori=Kakori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Rafael,_Mendoza=San Rafael, Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessheim=Jessheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godoy_Cruz,_Mendoza=Godoy Cruz, Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Machiyala=Nana Machiyala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narkanda=Narkanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badarka=Badarka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cauquenes=Cauquenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaftoun=Kaftoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Javier,_Chile=San Javier, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromont,_Quebec=Bromont, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laghouat=Laghouat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glina,_Croatia=Glina, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodal=Hodal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Heras,_Mendoza=Las Heras, Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tura,_Meghalaya=Tura, Meghalaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Heras,_Santa_Cruz=Las Heras, Santa Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayan,_India=Sayan, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bida=Bida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogyakarta=Yogyakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo,_Ecuador=Santo Domingo, Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton,_Georgia=Milton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Creek,_Georgia=Johns Creek, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namegata,_Ibaraki=Namegata, Ibaraki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe,_Mexico_City=Santa Fe, Mexico City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longewala=Longewala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Somozas=As Somozas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talpa_de_Allende=Talpa de Allende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerrillos,_Salta=Cerrillos, Salta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandurriao=Mandurriao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barouk=Barouk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charata=Charata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ojuelos_de_Jalisco=Ojuelos de Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loudi=Loudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ausa=Ausa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauceville,_Quebec=Beauceville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Joseph-de-Beauce,_Quebec=Saint-Joseph-de-Beauce, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaimganj=Kaimganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chattahoochee_Hills,_Georgia=Chattahoochee Hills, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterville,_Quebec=Waterville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basgo=Basgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tingmosgang=Tingmosgang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shey=Shey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabakala=Dabakala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangolo=Bangolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peachtree_Corners,_Georgia=Peachtree Corners, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidhpur=Sidhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotkapura=Kotkapura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhuri=Dhuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerset,_South_Dakota=Summerset, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astaneh-ye_Ashrafiyeh=Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vallarpadam=Vallarpadam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Alvear,_Mendoza=General Alvear, Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pataliputra=Pataliputra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bzoummar=Bzoummar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truskavets=Truskavets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skadovsk=Skadovsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illichivsk=Illichivsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henichesk=Henichesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zolotonosha=Zolotonosha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordzhonikidze,_Dnipropetrovsk_Oblast=Ordzhonikidze, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoarmiisk=Krasnoarmiisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakhtarsk=Shakhtarsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channapatna=Channapatna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmelo,_Uruguay=Carmelo, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjar,_West_Java=Banjar, West Java
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasr-e_Shirin=Qasr-e Shirin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhmerynka=Zhmerynka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selydove=Selydove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balotra=Balotra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takhatgarh=Takhatgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanec=Ivanec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinces=Vinces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jajmau=Jajmau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longowal=Longowal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampil=Kampil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Tehran=Greater Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadapally=Vadapally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sillod=Sillod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fermont=Fermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piplan=Piplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mila,_Algeria=Mila, Algeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_SGM=1 SGM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_STR=3 STR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vellalapatti=Vellalapatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aadityana=Aadityana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aambaliyasan=Aambaliyasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aantaliya=Aantaliya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abiramam=Abiramam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arambhada=Arambhada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abrama=Abrama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achampudur=Achampudur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achalpur=Achalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acharipallam=Acharipallam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achhalda=Achhalda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalaj=Adalaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adampur=Adampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adari=Adari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adikaratti=Adikaratti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afzalgarh=Afzalgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afzalpur=Afzalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahiwara=Ahiwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agarwal_Mandi=Agarwal Mandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V.S.K.Valasai=V.S.K.Valasai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahraura=Ahraura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmedgarh=Ahmedgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ailum=Ailum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aistala=Aistala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_Area_(Gorakhpur)=Air Force Area (Gorakhpur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajhuwa=Ajhuwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajnala,_India=Ajnala, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akaltara=Akaltara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akathiyoor=Akathiyoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akbarpur,_Kanpur_Dehat=Akbarpur, Kanpur Dehat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhnoor=Akhnoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akkayapalle=Akkayapalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aklera=Aklera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akodia=Akodia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alampalayam=Alampalayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akot=Akot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alangayam=Alangayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alangulam,_Virudhunagar=Alangulam, Virudhunagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alapakkam,_Kancheepuram=Alapakkam, Kancheepuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alawalpur=Alawalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliganj=Aliganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allahganj=Allahganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allapur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Allapur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alnavar=Alnavar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alot=Alot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alwarkurichi=Alwarkurichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanpur=Amanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanganj=Amanganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarpatan=Amarpatan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarwara=Amarwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambad=Ambad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarpur,_Tripura=Amarpur, Tripura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambada=Ambada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambagarh_Chowki=Ambagarh Chowki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambah=Ambah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambala_Cantonment=Ambala Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambasamudram=Ambasamudram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambarnath=Ambarnath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambehta=Ambehta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambivali_Tarf_Wankhal=Ambivali Tarf Wankhal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambikapur_Part-X=Ambikapur Part-X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amet=Amet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amila=Amila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aminagar_Sarai=Aminagar Sarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amlabad=Amlabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amloh=Amloh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammavarikuppam=Ammavarikuppam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammoor=Ammoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amraudha=Amraudha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammapettai,_Erode=Ammapettai, Erode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amritsar_Cantonment=Amritsar Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaiyur,_Madurai=Anaiyur, Madurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anand_Nagar=Anand Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ananthapuram=Ananthapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anandnagar=Anandnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancharakandy=Ancharakandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andada=Andada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andipatti_Jakkampatti=Andipatti Jakkampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angarpathar=Angarpathar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjangaon=Anjangaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjad=Anjad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjugramam=Anjugramam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anklav=Anklav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anklesvar_INA=Anklesvar INA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annavasal,_Pudukkottai=Annavasal, Pudukkottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annigeri=Annigeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antah=Antah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antari=Antari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anpara=Anpara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anupshahr=Anupshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appakudal=Appakudal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquem=Aquem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arakandanallur=Arakandanallur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arang=Arang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aranthangi=Aranthangi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arasiramani=Arasiramani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aravakurichi=Aravakurichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariyappampalayam=Ariyappampalayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkalgud=Arkalgud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arki,_India=Arki, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armapur_Estate=Armapur Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnia=Arnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arra,_India=Arra, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arumanai=Arumanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arumbavur=Arumbavur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asarganj=Asarganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asan_Khurd=Asan Khurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashrafpur_Kichhauchha=Ashrafpur Kichhauchha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashoknagar,_North_24_Parganas=Ashoknagar, North 24 Parganas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashta,_Madhya_Pradesh=Ashta, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asind=Asind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assandh=Assandh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atarra=Atarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atasu,_Uttar_Pradesh=Atasu, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateli=Ateli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athanur=Athanur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athipattu=Athipattu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atraulia=Atraulia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attayampatti=Attayampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurad=Aurad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auraiya=Auraiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avadattur=Avadattur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalpoondurai=Avalpoondurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avaniapuram=Avaniapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awagarh=Awagarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awantipora=Awantipora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayakudi=Ayakudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aygudi=Aygudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayothiapattinam=Ayothiapattinam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayyalur=Ayyalur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayyampalayam,_Dindigul=Ayyampalayam, Dindigul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayyampettai,_Kancheepuram=Ayyampettai, Kancheepuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azhagiapandiapuram=Azhagiapandiapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azhikode_North=Azhikode North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azizpur=Azizpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azhikode_South=Azhikode South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azmatgarh=Azmatgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babar_Pur=Babar Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babai,_Madhya_Pradesh=Babai, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babhulgaon=Babhulgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Meenakshipuram=B. Meenakshipuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bablari_Dewanganj=Bablari Dewanganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babiyal=Babiyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babrala=Babrala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babua_Kalan=Babua Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babugarh=Babugarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachhraon=Bachhraon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachhrawan=Bachhrawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bada_Malhera=Bada Malhera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badagoan=Badagoan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badami_Bagh=Badami Bagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badarpur_Railway_Town=Badarpur Railway Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badarpur,_Assam=Badarpur, Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badarwas=Badarwas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badawada=Badawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bade_Bacheli=Bade Bacheli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badepalle=Badepalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badhni_Kalan=Badhni Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badkuhi=Badkuhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badod=Badod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badra,_India=Badra, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badnagar=Badnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badoda=Badoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagbahara=Bagbahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagbera=Bagbera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagepalli=Bagepalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahadurganj,_Kishanganj=Bahadurganj, Kishanganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bah=Bah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahbari_Gaon=Bahbari Gaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahadurgarh=Bahadurgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahsuma=Bahsuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahuwa=Bahuwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baidyabati=Baidyabati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baikunthpur,_Koriya=Baikunthpur, Koriya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baihar=Baihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bairabi=Bairabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajva=Bajva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajpur=Bajpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakani=Bakani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakewar=Bakewar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakhtiarpur=Bakhtiarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakiabad=Bakiabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balachaur=Balachaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balakrishnampatti=Balakrishnampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balakrishnapuram=Balakrishnapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balapur,_Akola_district=Balapur, Akola district
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balasamudram=Balasamudram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldeogarh=Baldeogarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldeo=Baldeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baliari=Baliari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balimela=Balimela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balkundra=Balkundra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballarpur=Ballarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balod=Balod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baloda=Baloda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baloda_Bazar=Baloda Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamhani=Bamhani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambolim=Bambolim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamor=Bamor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandi_Bamora=Mandi Bamora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banapur=Banapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamun_Sualkuchi=Bamun Sualkuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banarsi=Banarsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaur=Banaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandhgora=Bandhgora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandarulanka=Bandarulanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandia=Bandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandikui=Bandikui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandora,_Goa=Bandora, Goa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangarapet=Bangarapet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangramanjeshwar=Bangramanjeshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangawan=Bangawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangura,_India=Bangura, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banihal=Banihal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankapura=Bankapura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banki,_Odisha=Banki, Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankner=Bankner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bannur=Bannur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bansatar_Kheda=Bansatar Kheda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bansgaon=Bansgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bansdih=Bansdih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bansi=Bansi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baragaon,_Jhansi=Baragaon, Jhansi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barahiya=Barahiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baraily=Baraily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barajamda=Barajamda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barapali=Barapali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barauni_IOC_Township=Barauni IOC Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbigha=Barbigha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbari_(AMC_Area)=Barbari (AMC Area)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbil=Barbil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barghat=Barghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barela=Barela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bargur=Bargur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barhalganj=Barhalganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bari_Brahmana=Bari Brahmana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bari,_India=Bari, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bari_Sadri=Bari Sadri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barigarh=Barigarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bariwala=Bariwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkakana=Barkakana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkhera=Barkhera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkot,_Uttarakhand=Barkot, Uttarakhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnala=Barnala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barpeta_Road=Barpeta Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barua_Sagar=Barua Sagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barwaha=Barwaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruipur=Baruipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruihuda=Baruihuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barughutu=Barughutu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barwadih=Barwadih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basaria=Basaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basna=Basna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassi_Pathana=Bassi Pathana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basudebpur=Basudebpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basukinath=Basukinath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batote=Batote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavla=Bavla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bawal=Bawal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bawana=Bawana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bawani_Khera=Bawani Khera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijolia=Bijolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begumabad_Budhana=Begumabad Budhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begum_Pur=Begum Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begamganj=Begamganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begowal=Begowal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begun=Begun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behat=Behat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behta_Hajipur=Behta Hajipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belagachhia=Belagachhia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behea=Behea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bela_Pratapgarh=Bela Pratapgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belonia,_India=Belonia, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belpahar=Belpahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beniganj=Beniganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bermo=Bermo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berasia=Berasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betul-Bazar=Betul-Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewar=Bewar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhabat=Bhabat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhadarsa=Bhadarsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhadra,_Rajasthan=Bhadra, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhadaur=Bhadaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhadohi=Bhadohi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagatdih=Bhagatdih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagur=Bhagur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagwant_Nagar=Bhagwant Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhalariya=Bhalariya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhainsdehi=Bhainsdehi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhalswa_Jahangir_Pur=Bhalswa Jahangir Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhamodi=Bhamodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhander=Bhander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhankharpur=Bhankharpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhanpuri=Bhanpuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhanvad=Bhanvad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharatganj=Bharatganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranipur,_Uttarakhand=Ranipur, Uttarakhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhanpura=Bhanpura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharuch_INA=Bharuch INA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharthana=Bharthana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharuhana=Bharuhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharveli=Bharveli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharwari=Bharwari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhatapara=Bhatapara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhati,_Delhi=Bhati, Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhatni_Bazar=Bhatni Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhaurasa=Bhaurasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavanisagar=Bhavanisagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavra=Bhavra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhawanigarh=Bhawanigarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhawani_Mandi=Bhawani Mandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhedaghat=Bhedaghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhayavadar=Bhayavadar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhikangaon=Bhikangaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhikhiwind=Bhikhiwind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhikhi,_Punjab=Bhikhi, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhilai_Charoda=Bhilai Charoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhilakhedi=Bhilakhedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhisiana=Bhisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhitarwar=Bhitarwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhogaon=Bhogaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhogpur=Bhogpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhojpur_Dharampur=Bhojpur Dharampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhokardan=Bhokardan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhokarhedi=Bhokarhedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhojudih=Bhojudih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhota=Bhota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhowrah=Bhowrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhowali=Bhowali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhuban=Bhuban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhucho_Mandi=Bhucho Mandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhulath=Bhulath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhulepur=Bhulepur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhuntar=Bhuntar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biaora=Biaora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biate=Biate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidasar,_Churu=Bidasar, Churu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijni=Bijni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijbehara=Bijbehara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijeypur=Bijeypur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijpur=Bijpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijuri=Bijuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikapur=Bikapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikketti=Bikketti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikramganj=Bikramganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilandapur=Bilandapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilara=Bilara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilariaganj=Bilariaganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilaua=Bilaua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilgram=Bilgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilimora=Bilimora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biloli=Biloli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billawar=Billawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilpura,_Madhya_Pradesh=Bilpura, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilram=Bilram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilsanda=Bilsanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bina_Railway_Colony=Bina Railway Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bina_Etawa=Bina Etawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bindki=Bindki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilsi=Bilsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binika=Binika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgaon=Birgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birnagar=Birnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birsinghpur=Birsinghpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birwadi=Birwadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisalpur=Bisalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisanda_Buzurg=Bisanda Buzurg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisauli=Bisauli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisharatganj=Bisharatganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishnah=Bishnah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisokhar=Bisokhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodeli=Bodeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biswan=Biswan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodinayakkanur=Bodinayakkanur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodri=Bodri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohari=Bohari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boothipuram=Boothipuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boothapandi=Boothapandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borgolai_Grant_No.11=Borgolai Grant No.11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boriavi=Boriavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botad=Botad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahmana_Periya-Agraharam=Brahmana Periya-Agraharam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahmakulam=Brahmakulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahmapuri,_India=Brahmapuri, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budha_Theh=Budha Theh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budhgaon=Budhgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugganipalle=Bugganipalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budhpura=Budhpura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugrasi=Bugrasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budhlada=Budhlada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundu,_India=Bundu, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burari=Burari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buxwaha=Buxwaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byasanagar=Byasanagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calapor=Calapor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canacona=Canacona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carapur=Carapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chabua=Chabua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chachaura-Binaganj=Chachaura-Binaganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chak_Imam_Ali=Chak Imam Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chakghat=Chakghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chakdaha=Chakdaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaksu=Chaksu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaklasi=Chaklasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalala=Chalala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalisgaon=Chalisgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalthan=Chalthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamoli_Gopeshwar=Chamoli Gopeshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champua=Champua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champdani=Champdani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanasma=Chanasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandameta-Butaria=Chandameta-Butaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandapur=Chandapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandaur=Chandaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandia,_Madhya_Pradesh=Chandia, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandili=Chandili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandla=Chandla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandpur,_Bijnor=Chandpur, Bijnor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandrapur_Bagicha=Chandrapur Bagicha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandur,_Maharashtra=Chandur, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandurbazar=Chandurbazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapari=Chapari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Char_Brahmanagar=Char Brahmanagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Char_Maijdia=Char Maijdia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charari_Sharief=Charari Sharief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charibatia=Charibatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charthaval=Charthaval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chas=Chas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatakonda=Chatakonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaumuhan=Chaumuhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaupal,_Himachal_Pradesh=Chaupal, Himachal Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaurai_Khas=Chaurai Khas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheeka=Cheeka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chekonidhara=Chekonidhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemmumiahpet=Chemmumiahpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenani=Chenani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennasamudram=Chennasamudram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennimalai=Chennimalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheruthazham=Cheruthazham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chettithangal=Chettithangal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chettiarpatti=Chettiarpatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevvoor=Chevvoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhabra=Chhabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhachhrauli=Chhachhrauli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chharchha=Chharchha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhaprabhatha=Chhaprabhatha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhaprauli=Chhaprauli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhapar=Chhapar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatatanr=Chhatatanr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhawla=Chhawla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatari=Chhatari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatral_INA=Chhatral INA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhaya,_India=Chhaya, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhipabarod=Chhipabarod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhibramau=Chhibramau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhota_Gobindpur=Chhota Gobindpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhota_Chhindwara=Chhota Chhindwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhota_Udaipur=Chhota Udaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhotaputki=Chhotaputki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhoti_Sadri=Chhoti Sadri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhuikhadan=Chhuikhadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhutmalpur=Chhutmalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chichli=Chichli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicholi=Chicholi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikhli,_Maharashtra=Chikhli, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikiti=Chikiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikkanayakana_Halli=Chikkanayakana Halli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilkana_Sultanpur=Chilkana Sultanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiloda_(Naroda)=Chiloda (Naroda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilla_Saroda_Bangar=Chilla Saroda Bangar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinchani=Chinchani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimbel=Chimbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chincholi=Chincholi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinna_Anuppanadi=Chinna Anuppanadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinnachowk=Chinnachowk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinnakkampalayam=Chinnakkampalayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinnasekkadu=Chinnasekkadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chintalavalasa=Chintalavalasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiplun=Chiplun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiria=Chiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chirgaon=Chirgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chirmiri=Chirmiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chirkunda=Chirkunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitbara_Gaon=Chitbara Gaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chockli=Chockli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitrakoot_Dham_(Karwi)=Chitrakoot Dham (Karwi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitgoppa=Chitgoppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chohal=Chohal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cholapuram=Cholapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choornikkara=Choornikkara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopan=Chopan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choto_Haibor=Choto Haibor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choubepur_Kalan=Choubepur Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopda=Chopda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorvad=Chorvad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heukelum=Heukelum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choutuppal=Choutuppal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chowwara=Chowwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunchupalle=Chunchupalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churi=Churi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churhat=Churhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuari_Khas=Chuari Khas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churk=Churk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clement_Town=Clement Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonelganj=Colonelganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colvale=Colvale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper's_Camp=Cooper's Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curti,_Goa=Curti, Goa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daboh=Daboh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dadhapatna=Dadhapatna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dadri=Dadri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagshai=Dagshai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahegam=Dahegam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daitari=Daitari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalavaipatti=Dalavaipatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalli_Rajhara=Dalli Rajhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalmau=Dalmau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallo_Pura=Dallo Pura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalsinghsarai=Dalsinghsarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damnagar=Damnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damua=Damua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danguwapasi=Danguwapasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dankaur=Dankaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darappur=Darappur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dapoli_Camp=Dapoli Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dariba,_Rajasthan=Dariba, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dariyabad,_Barabanki=Dariyabad, Barabanki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryapur=Daryapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraha,_Ludhiana=Doraha, Ludhiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dasna=Dasna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwha=Darwha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dataganj=Dataganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dattapur_Dhamangaon=Dattapur Dhamangaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daulatpur,_Punjab=Daulatpur, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davorlim=Davorlim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayal_Pur=Dayal Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davlameti=Davlameti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daurala=Daurala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deglur=Deglur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deesa=Deesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehu_Road=Dehu Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehri=Dehri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denkanikottai=Denkanikottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deolali_Pravara=Deolali Pravara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deodara=Deodara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deoli,_Maharashtra=Deoli, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deoranian=Deoranian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deomali=Deomali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deoli,_Rajasthan=Deoli, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deoli,_Delhi=Deoli, Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deori,_Bilaspur_district=Deori, Bilaspur district
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deorikalan=Deorikalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deoria,_Uttar_Pradesh=Deoria, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dera_Gopipur=Dera Gopipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dera_Bassi=Dera Bassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dera_Baba_Nanak=Dera Baba Nanak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deracolliery_Township=Deracolliery Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deulgaon_Raja=Deulgaon Raja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devadanapatti=Devadanapatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devanangurichi=Devanangurichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devarshola=Devarshola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devgarh,_Rajasthan=Devgarh, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewhadi=Dewhadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devendranagar=Devendranagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devsar=Devsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhalavoipuram=Dhalavoipuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhamnod=Dhamnod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhanauha=Dhanauha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhanauli=Dhanauli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhampur=Dhampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhana=Dhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhanaura=Dhanaura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhanera=Dhanera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhandhuka=Dhandhuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhandera=Dhandera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhanpuri=Dhanpuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamkot=Dharamkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharampuri=Dharampuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharangaon=Dharangaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharchula_Dehat=Dharchula Dehat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharapur=Dharapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhariawad=Dhariawad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharoti_Khurd=Dharoti Khurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharuhera=Dharuhera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharmanagar=Dharmanagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharur,_Beed=Dharur, Beed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhatau=Dhatau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaunsar=Dhaunsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaurehra=Dhaurehra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhilwan=Dhilwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhing=Dhing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhola,_India=Dhola, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhoraji=Dhoraji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhrol=Dhrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhulian=Dhulian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhupguri=Dhupguri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibai=Dibai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibiyapur=Dibiyapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dighawani=Dighawani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digras=Digras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digdoh=Digdoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digvijaygram=Digvijaygram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimaruguri=Dimaruguri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dildarnagar_Fatehpur_Bazar=Dildarnagar Fatehpur Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diken=Diken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinapur_Cantonment=Dinapur Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dineshpur=Dineshpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dipka=Dipka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doddaballapura=Doddaballapura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirba=Dirba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doghat=Doghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogadda=Dogadda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dommara_Nandyal=Dommara Nandyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dohrighat=Dohrighat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongar_Parasia=Dongar Parasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dondaicha-Warwade=Dondaicha-Warwade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dokmoka=Dokmoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongargaon=Dongargaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongargarh=Dongargarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donkamokam=Donkamokam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudhi=Dudhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudhani=Dudhani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulhipur=Dulhipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duliajan_Oil_Town=Duliajan Oil Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumar_Kachhar=Dumar Kachhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumarkunda=Dumarkunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumraon=Dumraon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungamal=Dungamal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundahera=Dundahera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungra=Dungra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durga_Nagar_Part-V=Durga Nagar Part-V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edaganasalai=Edaganasalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyane=Dyane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edappadi=Edappadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edakalinadu=Edakalinadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edaikodu=Edaikodu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edathala=Edathala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddumailaram=Eddumailaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egarkunr=Egarkunr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekdil=Ekdil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eklahare=Eklahare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elathur,_Erode=Elathur, Erode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elayavoor=Elayavoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elumalai=Elumalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellenabad=Ellenabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich,_Uttar_Pradesh=Erich, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erumaipatti=Erumaipatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etmadpur=Etmadpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezhudesam=Ezhudesam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eruvadi=Eruvadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farakhpur=Farakhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faizganj=Faizganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faizpur=Faizpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faridnagar=Faridnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farooqnagar=Farooqnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fariha=Fariha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatehganj_Purvi=Fatehganj Purvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatehganj_Pashchimi=Fatehganj Pashchimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrukhnagar=Farrukhnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatehnagar=Fatehnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatehgarh_Churian=Fatehgarh Churian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatehpur_Chaurasi=Fatehpur Chaurasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazilka=Fazilka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferozepur_Jhirka=Ferozepur Jhirka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fertilizer_Corporation_of_India_Township=Fertilizer Corporation of India Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freelandgunj=Freelandgunj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frezarpur=Frezarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbesganj=Forbesganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FRI_and_College_Area=FRI and College Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadag-Betageri=Gadag-Betageri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadarpur=Gadarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Carriage_Factory_Jabalpur=Gun Carriage Factory Jabalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadhada=Gadhada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadarwara=Gadarwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gagret=Gagret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gairatganj=Gairatganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadhra=Gadhra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadhinglaj=Gadhinglaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gajraula=Gajraula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gajularega=Gajularega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganapathipuram=Ganapathipuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gakulnagar=Gakulnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandai=Gandai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganderbal=Ganderbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandevi=Gandevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhigram,_Tamil_Nadu=Gandhigram, Tamil Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangaghat=Gangaghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangakhed=Gangakhed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangapur,_Maharashtra=Gangapur, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangavalli=Gangavalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangoh=Gangoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganguvarpatti=Ganguvarpatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganj_Muradabad=Ganj Muradabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garhakota=Garhakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garautha=Garautha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garhi_Pukhta=Garhi Pukhta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garhi-Malhara=Garhi-Malhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garhshanker=Garhshanker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garhmukteshwar=Garhmukteshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gariadhar=Gariadhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaura_Barhaj=Gaura Barhaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauri_Bazar=Gauri Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garoth=Garoth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gausganj=Gausganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauripur,_India=Gauripur, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gawan=Gawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauribidanur=Gauribidanur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geedam=Geedam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghagga=Ghagga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghanaur=Ghanaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghansor=Ghansor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghantapada=Ghantapada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gharaunda=Gharaunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gharoli=Gharoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghatanji=Ghatanji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patparganj=Patparganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghatkeser=Ghatkeser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghiraur=Ghiraur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghitorni=Ghitorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghoghardiha=Ghoghardiha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naharlagun=Naharlagun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gho_Manhasan=Gho Manhasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kafarakab=Kafarakab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttarkashi=Uttarkashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor,_Quebec=Windsor, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jambi_City=Jambi City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamora,_Ecuador=Zamora, Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utraula=Utraula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mailani=Mailani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharenda=Pharenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgunj=Birgunj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usakos=Usakos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutherland,_Saskatoon=Sutherland, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantan,_Kyoto=Nantan, Kyoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamunting=Kamunting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busko_County=Busko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sariwon=Sariwon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Angus,_Quebec=East Angus, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmedpur_Sial=Ahmedpur Sial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louiseville=Louiseville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeville,_Quebec=Princeville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghorabandha=Ghorabandha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosi=Ghosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghugus=Ghugus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghughali=Ghughali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghulewadi=Ghulewadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosia_Bazar=Ghosia Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gidi=Gidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghoti_Budruk=Ghoti Budruk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gobindpur,_Jharkhand=Gobindpur, Jharkhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghorawal=Ghorawal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandi_Gobindgarh=Mandi Gobindgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gobranawapara=Gobranawapara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godoli=Godoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogaon=Gogaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godhar=Godhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gohana=Gohana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gohand=Gohand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogri_Jamalpur=Gogri Jamalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gokhivare=Gokhivare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gokal_Pur=Gokal Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gola_Gokarannath=Gola Gokarannath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gomoh=Gomoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gopalpur,_Nadia=Gopalpur, Nadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gopiganj=Gopiganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gopamau=Gopamau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goredi_Chancha=Goredi Chancha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorah_Salathian=Gorah Salathian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gormi=Gormi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosainganj,_Lucknow=Gosainganj, Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossaigaon=Gossaigaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothra,_Rajasthan=Gothra, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gua,_Jharkhand=Gua, Jharkhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudibanda=Gudibanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govindgarh,_Rajasthan=Govindgarh, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guhagar=Guhagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gubbi=Gubbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guirim=Guirim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulabpura=Gulabpura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gularia_Bhindara=Gularia Bhindara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulaothi=Gulaothi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulariya,_Uttar_Pradesh=Gulariya, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurgaon_Rural=Gurgaon Rural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gummidipoondi=Gummidipoondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnaur=Gunnaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurh=Gurh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guriahati=Guriahati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gursahaiganj=Gursahaiganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurmatkal=Gurmatkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gursarai=Gursarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafizpur=Hafizpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Har_Sahai=Guru Har Sahai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habibpur=Habibpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haileymandi=Haileymandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haidergarh=Haidergarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hajan=Hajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haludbani=Haludbani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halol=Halol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halvad=Halvad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handiaya=Handiaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanumanthampatti=Hanumanthampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hargaon=Hargaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hariharpur,_India=Hariharpur, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harij=Harij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpalpur=Harpalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpanahalli=Harpanahalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harsud=Harsud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harveypatti=Harveypatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harur=Harur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasanpur=Hasanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasayan=Hasayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastsal=Hastsal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatibandha=Hatibandha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatod=Hatod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatkachora=Hatkachora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatpipalya=Hatpipalya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatti_Gold_Mines=Hatti Gold Mines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebbalu=Hebbalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heggadadevana_kote=Heggadadevana kote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbertpur=Herbertpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heriok=Heriok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herohalli=Herohalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesla=Hesla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindoria=Hindoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindalgi=Hindalgi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindupur=Hindupur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Paper_Corporation_Ltd._Township_Area_Panchgram=Hindustan Paper Corporation Ltd. Township Area Panchgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiranagar=Hiranagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirapur=Hirapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirekerur=Hirekerur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoovina_Hadagali=Hoovina Hadagali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoskote=Hoskote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huligal=Huligal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howly=Howly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubbathala=Hubbathala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hupari=Hupari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunsur=Hunsur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussainpur=Hussainpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibrahimpur,_Azamgarh=Ibrahimpur, Azamgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichhawar=Ichhawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichchhapor=Ichchhapor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichalkaranji=Ichalkaranji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idukki,_India=Idukki, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iltifatganj_Bazar=Iltifatganj Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iklehra=Iklehra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iluppur=Iluppur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilkal=Ilkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indergarh=Indergarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indapur=Indapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indranagar=Indranagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indragarh=Indragarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iringaprom=Iringaprom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iriveri=Iriveri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isri=Isri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isnapur=Isnapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itaunja=Itaunja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabalpur_Cantonment=Jabalpur Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadugora=Jadugora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaffrabad,_Delhi=Jaffrabad, Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jafrabad=Jafrabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagathala=Jagathala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagalur=Jagalur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadanandapur=Jagadanandapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagdishpur_(Industrial_Area)=Jagdishpur (Industrial Area)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagiroad=Jagiroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagner=Jagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jahangirabad=Jahangirabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jahazpur=Jahazpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jairampur=Jairampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaisinghnagar=Jaisinghnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaitaran=Jaitaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaithara=Jaithara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaithari=Jaithari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaitwara=Jaitwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaitu=Jaitu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakhal_Mandi=Jakhal Mandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalakandapuram=Jalakandapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jajpur=Jajpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalalpore=Jalalpore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalalpur=Jalalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalda=Jalda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jallaram_Kamanpur=Jallaram Kamanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalladiampet=Jalladiampet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamadoba=Jamadoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jam_Jodhpur=Jam Jodhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jambusar=Jambusar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamai,_India=Jamai, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jambai=Jambai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamhaur=Jamhaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jammu_Cantonment=Jammu Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janakpur_Road=Janakpur Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jansath=Jansath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaridih_Bazar=Jaridih Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarjapupeta=Jarjapupeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarwal=Jarwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasidih=Jasidih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaswantnagar=Jaswantnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasrana=Jasrana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jata_Chhapar=Jata Chhapar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jatara=Jatara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawad,_India=Jawad, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawalamukhi=Jawalamukhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawar=Jawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jejuri=Jejuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeron_Khalsa=Jeron Khalsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jevargi=Jevargi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetpur,_Navagadh=Jetpur, Navagadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhabrera=Jhabrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhalda=Jhalda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhalu=Jhalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhansi_Railway_Settlement=Jhansi Railway Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jharia_Khas=Jharia Khas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jharia=Jharia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhinjhak=Jhinjhak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhinkpani=Jhinkpani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhumpura=Jhumpura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhundpura=Jhundpura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhusi=Jhusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhusi_Kohna=Jhusi Kohna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jintur=Jintur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jirapur=Jirapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiwan_Pur=Jiwan Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiran=Jiran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiyanpur=Jiyanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jobner=Jobner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joda=Joda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jogendranagar=Jogendranagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonai_Bazar=Jonai Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jona_Pur=Jona Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorapokhar=Jorapokhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshipura=Joshipura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joura=Joura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jourian=Jourian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jugsalai=Jugsalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jutogh=Jutogh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jyoti_Khuria=Jyoti Khuria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabnur=Kabnur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabrai=Kabrai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kachhla=Kachhla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kachhauna_Patseni=Kachhauna Patseni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadachira=Kadachira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kachnal_Gosain=Kachnal Gosain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadamakkudy=Kadamakkudy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadayampatti=Kadayampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadayal=Kadayal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadodara=Kadodara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadipur=Kadipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kailaras=Kailaras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kailudih=Kailudih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kailashpur=Kailashpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaithoon=Kaithoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kairana=Kairana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakarhati=Kakarhati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakgaina=Kakgaina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakod=Kakod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalambur=Kalambur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalambe_Turf_Thane=Kalambe Turf Thane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalamnuri=Kalamnuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalan_Wali=Kalan Wali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalameshwar=Kalameshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalappanaickenpatti=Kalappanaickenpatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalavad=Kalavad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kali_Chhapar=Kali Chhapar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalayat=Kalayat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalavai=Kalavai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalikapur,_India=Kalikapur, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalinagar=Kalinagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaliyakkavilai=Kaliyakkavilai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalladaikurichi=Kalladaikurichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kallakudi=Kallakudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalol_(Panchmahal)=Kalol (Panchmahal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalol,_Gandhinagar=Kalol, Gandhinagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalundre=Kalundre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamalganj=Kamalganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamalpur,_India=Kamalpur, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaman,_Rajasthan=Kaman, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampli=Kampli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamuthi=Kamuthi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanakpur_Part-II=Kanakpur Part-II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanapaka=Kanapaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanchrapara=Kanchrapara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandri=Kandri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandhla=Kandhla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandari=Kandari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandra=Kandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangrali_(BK)=Kangrali (BK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanhan_(Pipri)=Kanhan (Pipri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangrali_(KH)=Kangrali (KH)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanhirode=Kanhirode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanjhawala=Kanjhawala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanjikoil=Kanjikoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanker=Kanker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannad=Kannad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannadendal=Kannadendal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannadiparamba=Kannadiparamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannankurichi=Kannankurichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannod=Kannod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur_Cantonment=Kannur Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanodar=Kanodar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanor,_Rajasthan=Kanor, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kantabamsuguda=Kantabamsuguda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kantaphod=Kantaphod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanth,_Moradabad=Kanth, Moradabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kant_(Shahjahanpur)=Kant (Shahjahanpur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanti=Kanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapas_Hera=Kapas Hera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapasan=Kapasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kantilo=Kantilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kappiyarai=Kappiyarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaptanganj,_India=Kaptanganj, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachiya=Karachiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaprain=Kaprain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karambakkam=Karambakkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karanje_Turf_Satara=Karanje Turf Satara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karanja_Lad=Karanja Lad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karanpur=Karanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karari=Karari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karanjia=Karanjia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kareli,_Madhya_Pradesh=Kareli, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karera=Karera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kariamangalam=Kariamangalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kariapatti=Kariapatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karivali=Karivali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karjan=Karjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karmala=Karmala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnaprayag=Karnaprayag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnawad=Karnawad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karrapur=Karrapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karumandi_Chellipalayam=Karumandi Chellipalayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnawal=Karnawal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karoran=Karoran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karugampattur=Karugampattur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karunguzhi=Karunguzhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karuvanthuruthy=Karuvanthuruthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karungal=Karungal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasara=Kasara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karuppur,_Salem=Karuppur, Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashinagara=Kashinagara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashirampur=Kashirampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasipalayam-Gobi=Kasipalayam-Gobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katai,_India=Katai, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasrawad=Kasrawad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katariya,_Ambedkar_Nagar_district=Katariya, Ambedkar Nagar district
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katangi=Katangi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katghora=Katghora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathera=Kathera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katghar_Lalganj=Katghar Lalganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathujuganapalli=Kathujuganapalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katpar=Katpar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katkar=Katkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katra,_Shahjahanpur=Katra, Shahjahanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katra,_Gonda=Katra, Gonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katras=Katras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kattuputhur=Kattuputhur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaveripakkam=Kaveripakkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaveripattinam_(Dharmapuri)=Kaveripattinam (Dharmapuri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawardha=Kawardha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeranur,_Dindigul=Keeranur, Dindigul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeripatti=Keeripatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keezhapavur=Keezhapavur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelamangalam=Kelamangalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kela_Khera=Kela Khera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kekri=Kekri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelhauri_(Chachai)=Kelhauri (Chachai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kembainaickenpalayam=Kembainaickenpalayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenduadih=Kenduadih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerakat=Kerakat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keshod=Keshod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesinga=Kesinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesrisinghpur=Kesrisinghpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevadiya=Kevadiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khadda=Khadda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khachrod=Khachrod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khadkale=Khadkale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khagaul=Khagaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khailar=Khailar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khagrabari=Khagrabari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khair=Khair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khairabad,_Sitapur=Khairabad, Sitapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaliapali=Khaliapali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khamanon=Khamanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khamaria=Khamaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamkhambhaliya=Jamkhambhaliya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khamhria=Khamhria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khanauri=Khanauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khand_(Bansagar)=Khand (Bansagar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandapada=Khandapada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandela=Khandela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaniyadhana=Khaniyadhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khapa=Khapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khargupur=Khargupur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khargapur=Khargapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharar,_Ajitgarh=Kharar, Ajitgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khariar_Road=Khariar Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharimala_Khagrabari=Kharimala Khagrabari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharijapikon=Kharijapikon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkhari,_Dhanbad=Kharkhari, Dhanbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khariya=Khariya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkhoda=Kharkhoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharod=Kharod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khatauli=Khatauli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khatauli_Rural=Khatauli Rural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khategaon=Khategaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khawhai=Khawhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khatiguda=Khatiguda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khatima=Khatima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khawzawl=Khawzawl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khekada=Khekada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khelari=Khelari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khedbrahma=Khedbrahma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khera_Khurd=Khera Khurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kheragarh=Kheragarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kheralu=Kheralu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kherdi=Kherdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kherli=Kherli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kherliganj=Kherliganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khetia=Khetia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kheta_Sarai=Kheta Sarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kherwara_Chhaoni=Kherwara Chhaoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khirkiya=Khirkiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khongman=Khongman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khur,_Fars=Khur, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khongapani=Khongapani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khrew=Khrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khudaganj=Khudaganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khutar=Khutar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khurai=Khurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khusrupur=Khusrupur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilampadi=Kilampadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kichha=Kichha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilkunda=Kilkunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killiyur,_Kanniyakumari=Killiyur, Kanniyakumari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killai=Killai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kizh-Pennathur=Kizh-Pennathur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinwat=Kinwat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiraoli=Kiraoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilvelur=Kilvelur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirari_Suleman_Nagar=Kirari Suleman Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirtinagar=Kirtinagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiratpur=Kiratpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kishangarh,_Alwar=Kishangarh, Alwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kishangarh_Renwal=Kishangarh Renwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kithaur=Kithaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kishunpur=Kishunpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kishtwar=Kishtwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kochpara=Kochpara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodala=Kodala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodigenahalli=Kodigenahalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodarma=Kodarma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudavasal=Kudavasal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodinar=Kodinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodiyal=Kodiyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodoli=Kodoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koeripur=Koeripur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koilwar=Koilwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokkothamangalam=Kokkothamangalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolappalur=Kolappalur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolaras=Kolaras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kollankoil=Kollankoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolazhy=Kolazhy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kollankodu=Kollankodu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolathur,_Salem=Kolathur, Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolvi_Mandi_Rajendra_pura=Kolvi Mandi Rajendra pura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kondalampatti=Kondalampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kondumal=Kondumal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konganapuram=Konganapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konnur=Konnur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kooraikundu=Kooraikundu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koothappar=Koothappar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopaganj=Kopaganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopharad=Kopharad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konnagar=Konnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kora_Jahanabad=Kora Jahanabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koradacheri=Koradacheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koraon=Koraon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koratagere=Koratagere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koratla=Koratla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koratty=Koratty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korochi=Korochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosi_Kalan=Kosi Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kot_Fatta=Kot Fatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota,_Uttar_Pradesh=Kota, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kothinallur=Kothinallur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kothnur=Kothnur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotma=Kotma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotpad=Kotpad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotputli=Kotputli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kottaiyur=Kottaiyur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kottayam-Malabar=Kottayam-Malabar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotwa,_India=Kotwa, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnarajasagara=Krishnarajasagara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnarajpet=Krishnarajpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnarayapuram=Krishnarayapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnasamudram=Krishnasamudram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kshidirpur=Kshidirpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuchaman_City=Kuchaman City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuchanur=Kuchanur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kud=Kud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudligi=Kudligi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuju,_Hazaribag=Kuju, Hazaribag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kukshi=Kukshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulasekarapuram=Kulasekarapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumar_Kaibarta_Gaon=Kumar Kaibarta Gaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumarapuram=Kumarapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumarghat=Kumarghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumbhkot=Kumbhkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumbhraj=Kumbhraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumhari=Kumhari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kundalwadi=Kundalwadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kundgol=Kundgol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunjaban=Kunjaban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunwargaon=Kunwargaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunzer=Kunzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuraoli=Kuraoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurali=Kurali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurduvadi=Kurduvadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kureekkad=Kureekkad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurinjipadi=Kurinjipadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurgunta=Kurgunta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurpania=Kurpania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kursath,_Hardoi=Kursath, Hardoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurthi_Jafarpur=Kurthi Jafarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurud=Kurud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurumbalur=Kurumbalur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurumbapet=Kurumbapet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kusgaon_Budruk=Kusgaon Budruk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushtagi=Kushtagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kusmara=Kusmara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kustai=Kustai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuthalam=Kuthalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwakta=Kwakta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyathampalle=Kyathampalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labbaikudikadu=Labbaikudikadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladrawan=Ladrawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakarka=Lakarka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahar,_India=Lahar, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladnu=Ladnu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakhenpur=Lakhenpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakheri=Lakheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakhipur=Lakhipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakhna=Lakhna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakhnadon=Lakhnadon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakkampatti=Lakkampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laksar=Laksar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalkuan=Lalkuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalsot=Lalsot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamai=Lamai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambha=Lambha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamjaotongba=Lamjaotongba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamshang=Lamshang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landhaura=Landhaura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanja=Lanja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapanga=Lapanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasalgaon=Lasalgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lateri=Lateri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lattikata=Lattikata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawar=Lawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ledwa_Mahua=Ledwa Mahua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehragaga=Lehragaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lidhorakhas=Lidhorakhas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libas_Pur=Libas Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lido_Tikok=Lido Tikok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lido_Town=Lido Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilong_(Imphal_West)=Lilong (Imphal West)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilong_(Thoubal)=Lilong (Thoubal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limla=Limla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingiyadih=Lingiyadih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingasugur=Lingasugur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohian_Khas=Lohian Khas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loha,_India=Loha, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohaghat=Lohaghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodhikheda=Lodhikheda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loharda=Loharda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohta=Lohta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lormi=Lormi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losal=Losal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyabad=Loyabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumding_Railway_Colony=Lumding Railway Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machalpur=Machalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machhiwara=Machhiwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machhali_Shahar=Machhali Shahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madambakkam=Madambakkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madanrting=Madanrting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madanpur,_India=Madanpur, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhavnagar=Madhavnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhoganj=Madhoganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhogarh=Madhogarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhupur,_Deoghar=Madhupur, Deoghar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magam=Magam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahaban=Mahaban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahadula=Mahadula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahalingpur=Mahalingpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahemdavad=Mahemdavad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahilpur=Mahilpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maheshtala=Maheshtala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahona=Mahona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahrajganj,_Raebareli=Mahrajganj, Raebareli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahroni=Mahroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahu_Kalan=Mahu Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahrajganj,_Uttar_Pradesh=Mahrajganj, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahudha=Mahudha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahuva,_Bhavnagar=Mahuva, Bhavnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahuvar=Mahuvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainaguri=Mainaguri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maindargi=Maindargi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mairang=Mairang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maithon=Maithon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majhara_Pipar_Ehatmali=Majhara Pipar Ehatmali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majhauli_Raj=Majhauli Raj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majholi=Majholi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makarba=Makarba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majitha=Majitha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makhdumpur=Makhdumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makhu=Makhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makronia=Makronia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maksi=Maksi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maktampur=Maktampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makum=Makum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaj_Khand=Malaj Khand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makundapur=Makundapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malavalli=Malavalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malhargarh=Malhargarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malihabad=Malihabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malkapur,_Buldhana=Malkapur, Buldhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malkapur,_Akola=Malkapur, Akola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malkapur,_Kolhapur=Malkapur, Kolhapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malkera=Malkera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallamooppampatti=Mallamooppampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallankinaru=Mallankinaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallawan=Mallawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malout=Malout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malpura=Malpura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manadur=Manadur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manachanallur=Manachanallur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manalmedu=Manalmedu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manalurpet=Manalurpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manavalakurichi=Manavalakurichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manamadurai=Manamadurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manawar=Manawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchar=Manchar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandalgarh=Mandalgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandaikadu=Mandaikadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandapam=Mandapam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandav=Mandav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandawar=Mandawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandawar,_Rajasthan=Mandawar, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manegaon,_Madhya_Pradesh=Manegaon, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maner=Maner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangalampet=Mangalampet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangalwedha=Mangalwedha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangawan=Mangawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manglaur=Manglaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manglaya_Sadak=Manglaya Sadak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangrol=Mangrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangrol,_Rajasthan=Mangrol, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangrulpir=Mangrulpir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manikpur_Sarhat=Manikpur Sarhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manimutharu=Manimutharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniyar=Maniyar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manjhanpur=Manjhanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manjlegaon=Manjlegaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankachar=Mankachar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankapur=Mankapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor,_India=Manor, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mant_Khas=Mant Khas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marakkanam=Marakkanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maramangalathupatti=Maramangalathupatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marandahalli=Marandahalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marehra=Marehra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markayankottai=Markayankottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marudur,_Karur=Marudur, Karur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marwar_Junction=Marwar Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaurhi=Masaurhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mataundh=Mataundh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maswasi=Maswasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathabhanga=Mathabhanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathigiri=Mathigiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mau_Aima=Mau Aima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauganj=Mauganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mavoor=Mavoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayang_Imphal=Mayang Imphal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meerpet=Meerpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecheri=Mecheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meghahatuburu=Meghahatuburu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meghnagar=Meghnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meghraj=Meghraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehara_Gaon=Mehara Gaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehdawal=Mehdawal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehatpur_Basdehra=Mehatpur Basdehra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmand=Mehmand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehgaon=Mehgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehnagar=Mehnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melachokkanathapuram=Melachokkanathapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mekhliganj=Mekhliganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melagaram=Melagaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melamadai=Melamadai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melamaiyur=Melamaiyur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melathiruppanthuruthi=Melathiruppanthuruthi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melpattampakkam=Melpattampakkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendu=Mendu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihona=Mihona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milak=Milak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranpur=Miranpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirpur_Turk=Mirpur Turk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misrikh_Neemsar=Misrikh Neemsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mithapur=Mithapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mithe_Pur=Mithe Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammadabad,_Farrukhabad=Mohammadabad, Farrukhabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammadi,_Uttar_Pradesh=Mohammadi, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mogravadi=Mogravadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modak,_Rajasthan=Modak, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohanpur_Mohammadpur=Mohanpur Mohammadpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohiuddinagar=Mohiuddinagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohgaon=Mohgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohpa=Mohpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohiuddinpur=Mohiuddinpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohpada=Mohpada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokama=Mokama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molakalmuru=Molakalmuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molar_Band=Molar Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moolakaraipatti=Moolakaraipatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonak=Moonak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moovarasampettai=Moovarasampettai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mopperipalayam=Mopperipalayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moragudi=Moragudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morshi=Morshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morar_Cantonment=Morar Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moth,_Uttar_Pradesh=Moth, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mowa=Mowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mowad=Mowad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudalgi=Mudalgi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muddebihal=Muddebihal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudgal=Mudgal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudkhed=Mudkhed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudukulathur=Mudukulathur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mughalsarai_Railway_Settlement=Mughalsarai Railway Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mugma=Mugma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhamma=Muhamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammadabad=Muhammadabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukundgarh=Mukundgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukasipidariyur=Mukasipidariyur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukerian=Mukerian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukkudal=Mukkudal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukrampur_Khema=Mukrampur Khema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mul,_India=Mul, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulagumudu=Mulagumudu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Muktsar_Sahib=Sri Muktsar Sahib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyani,_West_Bengal=Kalyani, West Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullanpur_Dakha=Mullanpur Dakha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulki,_India=Mulki, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullanpur_Garibdass=Mullanpur Garibdass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multai=Multai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundera_Bazar=Mundera Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundgod=Mundgod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundia=Mundia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundi=Mundi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundwa=Mundwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mungaoli=Mungaoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundra=Mundra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mungeli=Mungeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muni_Ki_Reti=Muni Ki Reti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murgud=Murgud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murud,_Raigad=Murud, Raigad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musabani=Musabani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musafirkhana=Musafirkhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musiri=Musiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustafabad,_Haryana=Mustafabad, Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustafabad,_Delhi=Mustafabad, Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muthupet=Muthupet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Kawnpui=North Kawnpui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Vanlaiphai=North Vanlaiphai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabadwip=Nabadwip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachane=Nachane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachhratpur_Katabari=Nachhratpur Katabari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadathara=Nadathara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabinagar=Nabinagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadigaon=Nadigaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nangal_Choudhry=Nangal Choudhry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagamangala=Nagamangala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagapur=Nagapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagardeole=Nagardeole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagavakulam=Nagavakulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagojanahalli=Nagojanahalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagothana=Nagothana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagram=Nagram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagri,_Chhattishgarh=Nagri, Chhattishgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagri_Kalan=Nagri Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagrota_Bagwan=Nagrota Bagwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nai_Bazar=Nai Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naharkatiya=Naharkatiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nainana_Jat=Nainana Jat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nainwa=Nainwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakoda,_Maharashtra=Nakoda, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalkheda=Nalkheda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nallampatti=Nallampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nallur,_Kanyakumari=Nallur, Kanyakumari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namagiripettai=Namagiripettai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nambol=Nambol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nambiyur=Nambiyur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namna_Kalan=Namna Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namsai,_India=Namsai, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namli=Namli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanakvada=Nanakvada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanauta=Nanauta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nandaprayag=Nandaprayag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nandej=Nandej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nandivaram-Guduvancheri=Nandivaram-Guduvancheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nandura=Nandura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nangal_Dewat=Nangal Dewat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nandurbar=Nandurbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nangal_Thakran=Nangal Thakran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nangavalli=Nangavalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nangavaram=Nangavaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collipulli=Collipulli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjikottai=Nanjikottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nannilam=Nannilam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naraingarh=Naraingarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naraini=Naraini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanpara=Nanpara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoriya_Pakhanglakpa=Naoriya Pakhanglakpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naranapuram=Naranapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narasaraopet=Narasaraopet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narasingapuram,_Vellore=Narasingapuram, Vellore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narasimharajapura=Narasimharajapura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narath=Narath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narauli=Narauli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naravarikuppam=Naravarikuppam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narayanavanam=Narayanavanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naregal,_Gadag=Naregal, Gadag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narendra_Nagar=Narendra Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nargund=Nargund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narkhed=Narkhed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narnaul=Narnaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narnaund=Narnaund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narwana=Narwana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasiyanur=Nasiyanur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naspur=Naspur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natham=Natham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathampannai=Nathampannai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nattapettai=Nattapettai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natrampalli=Natrampalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nattarasankottai=Nattarasankottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naubaisa_Gaon=Naubaisa Gaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naudhia=Naudhia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naugawan_Sadat=Naugawan Sadat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NavagamGhed=NavagamGhed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navalgund=Navalgund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navalpattu=Navalpattu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navghar-Manikpur=Navghar-Manikpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naya_Baradwar=Naya Baradwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nayabazar=Nayabazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neelagiri=Neelagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nehon=Nehon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neem-Ka-Thana=Neem-Ka-Thana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nehtaur=Nehtaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neikkarapatti=Neikkarapatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neiyyur=Neiyyur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellikuppam=Nellikuppam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelliyalam=Nelliyalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemili=Nemili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nenmenikkara=Nenmenikkara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerkunram=Nerkunram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerkuppai=Nerkuppai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuton_Chikhli_Kalan=Neuton Chikhli Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerunjipettai=Nerunjipettai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Mahe=New Mahe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newa_Talai=Newa Talai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bongaigaon_Railway_Colony=New Bongaigaon Railway Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neykkarappatti=Neykkarappatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nidhauli_Kalan=Nidhauli Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilakkottai=Nilakkottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nildoh=Nildoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimbahera=Nimbahera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimbhore_Budruk=Nimbhore Budruk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ningthoukhong=Ningthoukhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipani=Nipani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newai=Newai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirsa=Nirsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niwari,_Madhya_Pradesh=Niwari, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizamabad,_Uttar_Pradesh=Nizamabad, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokha,_Bikaner=Nokha, Bikaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nongmynsong=Nongmynsong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nongthymmai=Nongthymmai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Barrackpur=North Barrackpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noorpur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Noorpur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Dumdum=North Dumdum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lakhimpur=North Lakhimpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowrozabad_(Khodargama)=Nowrozabad (Khodargama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowshehra=Nowshehra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuapatna=Nuapatna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowgaon=Nowgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyoria_Husainpur=Nyoria Husainpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuh_(city)=Nuh (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numaligarh_Refinery_Township=Numaligarh Refinery Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurpur,_India=Nurpur, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'_Valley=O' Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obedullaganj=Obedullaganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khamaria,_Jabalpur=Khamaria, Jabalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obra,_Uttar_Pradesh=Obra, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OCL_Industrial_Township=OCL Industrial Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odaipatti=Odaipatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odugathur=Odugathur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oel_Dhakwa=Oel Dhakwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oggiyamduraipakkam=Oggiyamduraipakkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oinam=Oinam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okha_Port=Okha Port
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olavanna=Olavanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olagadam=Olagadam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omerkhan_Daira=Omerkhan Daira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordnance_Factory_Itarsi=Ordnance Factory Itarsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oran,_India=Oran, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordnance_Factory_Muradnagar=Ordnance Factory Muradnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orathanadu_(Mukthambalpuram)=Orathanadu (Mukthambalpuram)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othakadai=Othakadai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottapparai=Ottapparai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozar,_Nashik_District=Ozar, Nashik District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozhukarai=Ozhukarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._J._Cholapuram=P. J. Cholapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._N._Patti=P. N. Patti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._Mettupalayam=P. Mettupalayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pachgaon=Pachgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pachore=Pachore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pachora=Pachora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pachperwa=Pachperwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padaiveedu=Padaiveedu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacode=Pacode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padagha=Padagha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padirikuppam=Padirikuppam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padampur,_Rajasthan=Padampur, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddhari=Paddhari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padmapur=Padmapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paduvilayi=Paduvilayi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padrauna=Padrauna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pahasu=Pahasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palaganangudy=Palaganangudy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palakkodu=Palakkodu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palamedu=Palamedu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palakurthi=Palakurthi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palani_Chettipatti=Palani Chettipatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palawa,_Jharkhand=Palawa, Jharkhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palayam,_Kanyakumari=Palayam, Kanyakumari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palera=Palera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palda=Palda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palej=Palej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palia_Kalan=Palia Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palissery=Palissery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pallapalayam,_Erode=Pallapalayam, Erode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pallathur=Pallathur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pallikkunnu=Pallikkunnu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pallipalayam=Pallipalayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paluvai=Paluvai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pampore=Pampore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panagudi=Panagudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panapakkam=Panapakkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panagar=Panagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panboli=Panboli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panaimarathupatti=Panaimarathupatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshtorinan=Oshtorinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panara=Panara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panchet=Panchet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandavapura=Pandavapura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandhana=Pandhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandamangalam=Pandamangalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandharkaoda=Pandharkaoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandhurna=Pandhurna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panipat_Taraf_Makhdum_Zadgan=Panipat Taraf Makhdum Zadgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panniyannur=Panniyannur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panipat_Taraf_Ansar=Panipat Taraf Ansar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panipat_Taraf_Rajputan=Panipat Taraf Rajputan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pansemal=Pansemal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheeramkavu=Pantheeramkavu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papampeta=Papampeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pappankurichi=Pappankurichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pappinisseri=Pappinisseri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pappireddipatti=Pappireddipatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranda=Paranda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramathi=Paramathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parasi=Parasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parangipettai=Parangipettai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paravai=Paravai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paratdih=Paratdih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parbatsar=Parbatsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parbbatipur=Parbbatipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parcem=Parcem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parichha=Parichha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsadepur=Parsadepur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parole,_India=Parole, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parikshitgarh=Parikshitgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partur=Partur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parvat=Parvat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parwanoo=Parwanoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasan=Pasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasthal=Pasthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patala,_Uttar_Pradesh=Patala, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathalgaon=Pathalgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathardi=Pathardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathardih=Pathardih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patharia=Patharia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathiriyad=Pathiriyad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathri=Pathri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patiyali=Patiyali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patnagarh=Patnagarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patratu=Patratu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattanagere=Pattanagere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattiom=Pattiom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattinam=Pattinam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattran=Pattran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattiveeranpatti=Pattiveeranpatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauni=Pauni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patur=Patur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawai=Pawai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payal,_India=Payal, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pazhugal=Pazhugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pehlad_Pur_Bangar=Pehlad Pur Bangar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pehowa=Pehowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendra=Pendra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennadam=Pennadam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennagaram=Pennagaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perakam=Perakam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennathur=Pennathur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peralam=Peralam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peralasseri=Peralasseri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peravurani=Peravurani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peringathur=Peringathur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periya_Negamam=Periya Negamam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periyakodiveri=Periyakodiveri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periyapatti=Periyapatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perumagalur=Perumagalur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pernem=Pernem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perumbaikad=Perumbaikad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perumuchi=Perumuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pethampalayam=Pethampalayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pethanaickenpalayam=Pethanaickenpalayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peth_Umri=Peth Umri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petlawad=Petlawad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phalauda=Phalauda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phalodi=Phalodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phulera=Phulera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phulpur,_Allahabad=Phulpur, Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phulpur,_Azamgarh=Phulpur, Azamgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phulwari_Sharif=Phulwari Sharif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phuphkalan=Phuphkalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phulwaria=Phulwaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phunderdihari=Phunderdihari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phusro=Phusro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pichhore,_Gwalior=Pichhore, Gwalior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilkhuwa=Pilkhuwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pihani=Pihani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilibanga=Pilibanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillanallur=Pillanallur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piparcity=Piparcity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinahat=Pinahat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinarayi=Pinarayi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipalsana_Chaudhari=Pipalsana Chaudhari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinjore=Pinjore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipariya,_Hoshangabad=Pipariya, Hoshangabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipiganj=Pipiganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piplya_Mandi=Piplya Mandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipili=Pipili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipri=Pipri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirawa=Pirawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pithora=Pithora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poladpur=Poladpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polasara=Polasara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polay_Kalan=Polay Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pondar_Kanali=Pondar Kanali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponnamaravathi=Ponnamaravathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponneri=Ponneri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponnampatti=Ponnampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poolampatti=Poolampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poolambadi=Poolambadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooth_Khurd=Pooth Khurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porompat=Porompat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porsa=Porsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pothanur=Pothanur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powayan=Powayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pottore=Pottore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prantij=Prantij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratapsasan=Pratapsasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pudukadai=Pudukadai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pudupattinam=Pudupattinam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pul_Pehlad=Pul Pehlad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukhrayan=Pukhrayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puliyur,_Karur=Puliyur, Karur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjai_Thottakurichi=Punjai Thottakurichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punganur=Punganur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjaipugalur=Punjaipugalur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puranattukara=Puranattukara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdilnagar=Purdilnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puranpur=Puranpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purna=Purna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purushottamnagar=Purushottamnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purwa=Purwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puthukkad=Puthukkad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puthalam=Puthalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puzhathi=Puzhathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pynthorumkhrah=Pynthorumkhrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasimpur_Power_House_Colony=Qasimpur Power House Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quammruddin_Nagar=Quammruddin Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queula=Queula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Pudupatti=R. Pudupatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabupura=Rabupura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._S._Mangalam=R. S. Mangalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabkavi_Banhatti=Rabkavi Banhatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radha_Kund=Radha Kund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafiganj=Rafiganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raghunathpur,_Buxar=Raghunathpur, Buxar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahta_Pimplas=Rahta Pimplas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahon=Rahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahatgarh=Rahatgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahuri=Rahuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahimatpur=Rahimatpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raikot=Raikot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raipur_Rani=Raipur Rani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raisinghnagar=Raisinghnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Ka_Rampur=Raja Ka Rampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajakhera=Rajakhera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajakhedi=Rajakhedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajaldesar=Rajaldesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajapur,_Maharashtra=Rajapur, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajasansi=Rajasansi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajauri=Rajauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajgamar=Rajgamar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajgurunagar_(Khed)=Rajgurunagar (Khed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajpur,_Madhya_Pradesh=Rajpur, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajula=Rajula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajur=Rajur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajura=Rajura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Garh=Ram Garh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramachandrapuram,_Medak=Ramachandrapuram, Medak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramachandrapuram_(BHEL_Township)=Ramachandrapuram (BHEL Township)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramdass=Ramdass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramganj_Mandi=Ramganj Mandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramgarh_Cantonment=Ramgarh Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramkola=Ramkola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramol=Ramol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampur_Baghelan=Rampur Baghelan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampur_Bhawanipur=Rampur Bhawanipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampur_Karkhana=Rampur Karkhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampur_Maniharan=Rampur Maniharan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampur_Naikin=Rampur Naikin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampura_Phul=Rampura Phul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranapur=Ranapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranavav=Ranavav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramtek=Ramtek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranbir_Singh_Pora=Ranbir Singh Pora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raniganj=Raniganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rani,_Rajasthan=Rani, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranirbazar=Ranirbazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranipur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Ranipur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapar=Rapar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashidpur_Garhi=Rashidpur Garhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasulabad=Rasulabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasra=Rasra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratannagar=Ratannagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratia=Ratia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratanpur=Ratanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratlam_Railway_Colony=Ratlam Railway Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raurkela_Industrial_Township=Raurkela Industrial Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawatsar=Rawatsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayya=Rayya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reasi=Reasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reethapuram=Reethapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reengus=Reengus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehambal=Rehambal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehli=Rehli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehti=Rehti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resubelpara=Resubelpara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewari_(Rural)=Rewari (Rural)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risia_Bazar=Risia Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risod=Risod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railway_Settlement_Roza=Railway Settlement Roza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richha=Richha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roha_Ashtami=Roha Ashtami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rithora=Rithora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roing=Roing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohraband=Rohraband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalpatti=Rosalpatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohru=Rohru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roshan_Pura=Roshan Pura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudauli=Rudauli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudayan,_Budaun=Rudayan, Budaun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudraprayag=Rudraprayag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudravathi=Rudravathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runji_Gautampura=Runji Gautampura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rura=Rura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustamnagar_Sahaspur=Rustamnagar Sahaspur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Kannanur=South Kannanur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rurki_Kasba=Rurki Kasba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Kodikulam=South Kodikulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Nallur=South Nallur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabroom=Sabroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabathu=Sabathu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachin_INA=Sachin INA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabalgarh=Sabalgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadabad,_India=Sadabad, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadat_Pur_Gujran=Sadat Pur Gujran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadaura=Sadaura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadri=Sadri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safipur=Safipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safidon=Safidon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagwara=Sagwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagar_Cantonment=Sagar Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahanpur=Sahanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahaspur=Sahaspur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahaswan=Sahaswan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahatwar=Sahatwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahibabad_Daulat_Pur=Sahibabad Daulat Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahnewal=Sahnewal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saidpur,_Badaun=Saidpur, Badaun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahnidih=Sahnidih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saidul_Ajaib=Saidul Ajaib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailu=Sailu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sairang=Sairang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saiyad_Raja=Saiyad Raja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakhanu=Sakhanu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakit=Sakit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salakati=Salakati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salangapalayam=Salangapalayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salaya,_India=Salaya, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salumbar=Salumbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samalkha=Samalkha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salempur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Salempur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samathur=Samathur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambavar_Vadagarai=Sambavar Vadagarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambhalka=Sambhalka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samrala=Samrala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samthar=Samthar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurou=Samurou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanaur=Sanaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sancoale=Sancoale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandi,_Uttar_Pradesh=Sandi, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandila=Sandila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangat,_India=Sangat, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangamner=Sangamner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangod=Sangod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankarapuram=Sankarapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangole=Sangole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankhol=Sankhol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanoth=Sanoth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sansarpur=Sansarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santokhgarh=Santokhgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santrampur=Santrampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanvordem=Sanvordem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapatgram=Sapatgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraipali=Saraipali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarangarh=Sarangarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarai_Mir=Sarai Mir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraidhela=Saraidhela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarangpur,_Madhya_Pradesh=Sarangpur, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarapaka=Sarapaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardulgarh=Sardulgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarigam_INA=Sarigam INA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarjamda=Sarjamda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarkhej-Okaf=Sarkhej-Okaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarsawa=Sarsawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarupathar_Bengali=Sarupathar Bengali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarwar=Sarwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasauli=Sasauli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasti=Sasti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satalkheri=Satalkheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sathiyavijayanagaram=Sathiyavijayanagaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sathyamangala=Sathyamangala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satigachha=Satigachha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satrikh=Satrikh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satwas=Satwas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saunda=Saunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savarkundla=Savarkundla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saunkh=Saunkh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sausar=Sausar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saurikh=Saurikh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savda=Savda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawari_Jawharnagar=Sawari Jawharnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawer,_India=Sawer, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayalgudi=Sayalgudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seerapalli=Seerapalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seithur=Seithur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekmai_Bazar=Sekmai Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sembakkam=Sembakkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senchoa_Gaon=Senchoa Gaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senthamangalam=Senthamangalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senur=Senur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentharapatti=Sentharapatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seohara=Seohara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seondha=Seondha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoni_Malwa=Seoni Malwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sethia=Sethia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevugampatti=Sevugampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sethiathoppu=Sethiathoppu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevilimedu=Sevilimedu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewai=Sewai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewalkhas=Sewalkhas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewarhi=Sewarhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahapur=Shahapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahganj=Shahganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahgarh=Shahgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahkot,_India=Shahkot, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahpura,_Jaipur=Shahpura, Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamchaurasi=Shamchaurasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamli=Shamli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamsabad,_Agra=Shamsabad, Agra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamsabad,_Farrukhabad=Shamsabad, Farrukhabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shankargarh=Shankargarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shekhpura=Shekhpura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelar=Shelar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shergarh,_Uttar_Pradesh=Shergarh, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherkot=Sherkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiggaon=Shiggaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shikarpur,_Bulandshahr=Shikarpur, Bulandshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shikohabad=Shikohabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shillong_Cantonment=Shillong Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirpur-Warwade=Shirpur-Warwade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirwal=Shirwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirur,_Maharashtra=Shirur, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivatkar_(Nira)=Shivatkar (Nira)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shohratgarh=Shohratgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sholavandan=Sholavandan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sholur=Sholur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrirampur_(Rural)=Shrirampur (Rural)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrivardhan=Shrivardhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shujalpur=Shujalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrirampur=Shrirampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siana=Siana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siddhaur=Siddhaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidhpura=Sidhpura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sihora=Sihora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sihor=Sihor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sijhua=Sijhua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sijua=Sijua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikandra=Sikandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikandra_Rao=Sikandra Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikandrabad=Sikandrabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikhong_Sekmai=Sikhong Sekmai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silchar_Part-X=Silchar Part-X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silapathar=Silapathar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sillewada=Sillewada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simga=Simga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindi_Turf_Hindnagar=Sindi Turf Hindnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindkhed_Raja=Sindkhed Raja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singnapur=Singnapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singarva=Singarva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singoli=Singoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singtam=Singtam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinhasa=Sinhasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinnar=Sinnar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siras_Pur=Siras Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siralkoppa=Siralkoppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirathu=Sirathu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirauli=Sirauli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirgiti=Sirgiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirgora=Sirgora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirhind-Fategarh=Sirhind-Fategarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirka=Sirka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirsa,_Uttar_Pradesh=Sirsa, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirugamani=Sirugamani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siraguppa=Siraguppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sithayankottai=Sithayankottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siuliban=Siuliban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siwani=Siwani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitarganj=Sitarganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivanthipuram=Sivanthipuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sogariya=Sogariya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sohagpur=Sohagpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socorro,_Goa=Socorro, Goa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sohna=Sohna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sojat=Sojat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sompeta=Sompeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonegaon_(Nipani)=Sonegaon (Nipani)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songadh=Songadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonkatch=Sonkatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soyagaon=Soyagaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Dumdum=South Dumdum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soron=Soron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Hargobindpur=Sri Hargobindpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srimushnam=Srimushnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sriramapuram=Sriramapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sriramnagar,_Vizianagaram=Sriramnagar, Vizianagaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srisailamgudem_Devasthanam=Srisailamgudem Devasthanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St.Thomas_Mount-cum-Pallavaram=St.Thomas Mount-cum-Pallavaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sualkuchi=Sualkuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suhagi=Suhagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchindram=Suchindram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugnu=Sugnu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sujanpur=Sujanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukhmalpur_Nizamabad=Sukhmalpur Nizamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suket=Suket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukhrali=Sukhrali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Pur=Sultan Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Pur_Majra=Sultan Pur Majra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultanganj=Sultanganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultanpur_Lodhi=Sultanpur Lodhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundar_Nagar=Sundar Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundarapandiam=Sundarapandiam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunam=Sunam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunderbani=Sunderbani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surajgarh=Surajgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surajkaradi=Surajkaradi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surandai=Surandai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suratgarh=Suratgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudhrej=Dudhrej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suriyampalayam=Suriyampalayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suriyawan=Suriyawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susner=Susner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suthaliya=Suthaliya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamibagh=Swamibagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taj_Pul=Taj Pul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takhatpur=Takhatpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talai=Talai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talaja=Talaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talcher_Thermal_Power_Station_Township=Talcher Thermal Power Station Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talgram=Talgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talegaon_Dabhade=Talegaon Dabhade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallapalle=Tallapalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talod=Talod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talode=Talode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taloje_Panchnad=Taloje Panchnad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talwandi_Bhai=Talwandi Bhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talwara=Talwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanakpur=Tanakpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanda,_Rampur=Tanda, Rampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tappa,_Punjab=Tappa, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taricharkalan=Taricharkalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatarpur_Lallu=Tatarpur Lallu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasgaon=Tasgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tathavade=Tathavade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thayilpatti=Thayilpatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teegalapahad=Teegalapahad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekadi=Tekadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekanpur,_India=Tekanpur, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telgaon=Telgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekari=Tekari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tendu_Kheda=Tendu Kheda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenu_dam-cum-Kathhara=Tenu dam-cum-Kathhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teonthar=Teonthar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tensa=Tensa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetri_Bazar=Tetri Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thakkolam=Thakkolam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaikkad=Thaikkad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thadikombu=Thadikombu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thalainayar=Thalainayar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaltej=Thaltej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thammampatti=Thammampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thandla=Thandla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanamandi=Thanamandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tharad=Tharad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tharamangalam=Tharamangalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thathaiyangarpet=Thathaiyangarpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thedavur=Thedavur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thevur=Thevur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirukarungudi=Thirukarungudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiriya_Nizamat_Khan=Thiriya Nizamat Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirumazhisai=Thirumazhisai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirunagar=Thirunagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirunageswaram=Thirunageswaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirubuvanam,_Thanjavur=Thirubuvanam, Thanjavur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruppanandal=Thiruppanandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruvidaimarudur=Thiruvidaimarudur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thittacheri=Thittacheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thokur-62=Thokur-62
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thongkhong_Laxmi_Bazar=Thongkhong Laxmi Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thuraiyur=Thuraiyur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tijara=Tijara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikait_Nagar=Tikait Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilpat=Tilpat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilhar=Tilhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timarni=Timarni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilda_Newra=Tilda Newra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikri,_Uttar_Pradesh=Tikri, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tindwari=Tindwari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiptur=Tiptur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tira_Sujanpur=Tira Sujanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirodi=Tirodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirora=Tirora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirumakudal_Narsipur=Tirumakudal Narsipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirwaganj=Tirwaganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tisra=Tisra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titron=Titron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todabhim=Todabhim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todaraisingh=Todaraisingh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todra=Todra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topa=Topa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tondi_Fatehpur=Tondi Fatehpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torban_(Khetri_Leikai)=Torban (Khetri Leikai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trimbak=Trimbak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tundla_Kham=Tundla Kham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumsar=Tumsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsipur=Tulsipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uchana=Uchana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tundla_Railway_Colony=Tundla Railway Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uchgaon=Uchgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turuvekere=Turuvekere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udaipura=Udaipura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udaipurwati=Udaipurwati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odalguri=Odalguri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udpura=Udpura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udma=Udma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ujhani=Ujhani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ujhari=Ujhari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uklanamandi=Uklanamandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukwa=Ukwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ullur=Ullur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umarsara=Umarsara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umarkhed=Umarkhed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umbergaon=Umbergaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umbar_Pada_Nandade=Umbar Pada Nandade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umbergaon_INA=Umbergaon INA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umred=Umred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umri_Pragane_Balapur=Umri Pragane Balapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncha_Siwana=Uncha Siwana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un,_Uttar_Pradesh=Un, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unchehara=Unchehara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unhel=Unhel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniara=Uniara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unjha=Unjha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upleta=Upleta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Tadong=Upper Tadong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uran_Islampur=Uran Islampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uravakonda=Uravakonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urmar_Tanda=Urmar Tanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usawan=Usawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utekhol=Utekhol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usehat=Usehat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uthangarai=Uthangarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utran=Utran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Durgapur=Uttar Durgapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Kalas=Uttar Kalas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Krishnapur_Part-I=Uttar Krishnapur Part-I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttarahalli=Uttarahalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadamadurai=Vadamadurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadgaon_Maval=Vadgaon Maval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadia=Vadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadnagar=Vadnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadugapatti,_Erode=Vadugapatti, Erode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaijapur=Vaijapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaitheeswarankoil=Vaitheeswarankoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vallachira=Vallachira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valpoi=Valpoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valsad_INA=Valsad INA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanasthali=Vanasthali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanavasi=Vanavasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaparala=Vaparala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanthali=Vanthali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanvadi_(Sadashivgad)=Vanvadi (Sadashivgad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vapi_INA=Vapi INA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varam=Varam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vartej=Vartej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varca=Varca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vashind=Vashind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasantnagar=Vasantnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vastral=Vastral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vedasandur=Vedasandur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veerbhadra=Veerbhadra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velur,_Namakkal=Velur, Namakkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengathur=Vengathur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venmanad=Venmanad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vennanthur=Vennanthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijaigarh=Vijaigarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijainagar=Vijainagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijalpor=Vijalpor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijapur=Vijapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijay_Pur,_Jammu_and_Kashmir=Vijay Pur, Jammu and Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijayapura=Vijayapura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijayapuri_(North)=Vijayapuri (North)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vikasnagar=Vikasnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijayraghavgarh=Vijayraghavgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viramgam=Viramgam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virudhachalam=Virudhachalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virupakshipuram=Virupakshipuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visavadar=Visavadar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visnagar=Visnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitthal_Udyognagar_INA=Vitthal Udyognagar INA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyara=Vyara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadi_ACC=Wadi ACC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waghapur=Waghapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wajegaon=Wajegaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walani=Walani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waliv=Waliv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanadongri=Wanadongri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wangoi=Wangoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wankaner=Wankaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warhapur=Warhapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warud=Warud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wazirganj=Wazirganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weir,_Rajasthan=Weir, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yawal=Yawal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelburga=Yelburga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yenagudde=Yenagudde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerkheda=Yerkheda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zawlnuam=Zawlnuam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamin_Uthukuli=Zamin Uthukuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziauddin_Pur=Ziauddin Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahan,_Iran=Mahan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yol,_India=Yol, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agar,_India=Agar, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Banda,_Argentina=La Banda, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simoca=Simoca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotstown,_Quebec=Scotstown, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darya_Khan=Darya Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_City_Region=Sheffield City Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echt,_Netherlands=Echt, Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjar,_India=Banjar, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhousie_Cantonment=Dalhousie Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampur,_Himachal_Pradesh=Rampur, Himachal Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chijgam=Chijgam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhayandar=Bhayandar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahla=Kahla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudbar=Rudbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukuru=Bukuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itaituba=Itaituba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisotun=Bisotun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlieben=Schlieben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadakkal=Kadakkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_Pochutla=San Pedro Pochutla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasukarasuyama,_Tochigi=Nasukarasuyama, Tochigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enfeh=Enfeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsheet=Amsheet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clarita,_California=Santa Clarita, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uatlok_Twithu=Uatlok Twithu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharatpur,_Nepal=Bharatpur, Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagan,_Minnesota=Eagan, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zira,_India=Zira, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longhai_City=Longhai City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killikkurussimangalam=Killikkurussimangalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Ours,_Quebec=Saint-Ours, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayyil=Mayyil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pol,_Lugo=Pol, Lugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamazula_de_Gordiano=Tamazula de Gordiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayta_ash_Shab=Ayta ash Shab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neka=Neka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Alegre,_Chile=Villa Alegre, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneapolis=Minneapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aland,_Karnataka=Aland, Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinlaakso=Martinlaakso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giddarbaha=Giddarbaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivadavia,_Mendoza=Rivadavia, Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa,_Mendoza=Santa Rosa, Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahmirzad=Shahmirzad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Ain,_Ash_Shamal,_Lebanon=El Ain, Ash Shamal, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeCordova,_Texas=DeCordova, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazos_Bend,_Texas=Brazos Bend, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cresson,_Texas=Cresson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iola,_Texas=Iola, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotli=Kotli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salthill=Salthill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinco_Saltos=Cinco Saltos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_City_(Charlotte_neighborhood)=University City (Charlotte neighborhood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Carlota,_Argentina=La Carlota, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammapettai,_Thanjavur=Ammapettai, Thanjavur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unquillo=Unquillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oncativo=Oncativo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilcara=Tilcara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaiyur,_Virudhunagar=Anaiyur, Virudhunagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazos_Country,_Texas=Brazos Country, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uenohara,_Yamanashi=Uenohara, Yamanashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahuva,_Surat=Mahuva, Surat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharaqpur=Sharaqpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una,_Gujarat=Una, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidyavihar,_Rajasthan=Vidyavihar, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangaria,_India=Sangaria, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajgarh,_Alwar=Rajgarh, Alwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramgarh,_Sikar=Ramgarh, Sikar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arad,_Iran=Arad, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Venture,_Texas=Point Venture, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phuket_(city)=Phuket (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colina,_Chile=Colina, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiltil=Tiltil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Clemente,_Chile=San Clemente, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lota,_Chile=Lota, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diu,_India=Diu, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lentvaris=Lentvaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarasai=Zarasai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khavda=Khavda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorong_(city)=Sorong (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Andes,_Chile=Los Andes, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuladshahr=Fuladshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parola,_Maharashtra=Parola, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clorinda,_Formosa=Clorinda, Formosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kybartai=Kybartai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karimama,_Benin=Karimama, Benin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogounou=Gogounou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adjohoun=Adjohoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramygala=Ramygala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vievis=Vievis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robat_Karim=Robat Karim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mithi=Mithi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caucete=Caucete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berestechko=Berestechko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daugai=Daugai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arifwala=Arifwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rongcheng,_Shandong=Rongcheng, Shandong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loreto,_Santiago_del_Estero=Loreto, Santiago del Estero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooch_Behar=Cooch Behar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumaithiya=Rumaithiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changle=Changle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilkija=Vilkija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linkuva=Linkuva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushan,_Shandong=Rushan, Shandong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veisiejai=Veisiejai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuding=Fuding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virbalis=Virbalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daveluyville=Daveluyville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsey_Falls,_Quebec=Kingsey Falls, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolet,_Quebec=Nicolet, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plessisville,_Quebec=Plessisville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blitar=Blitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengkulu_(city)=Bengkulu (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorontalo_(city)=Gorontalo (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demographics_of_Staten_Island=Demographics of Staten Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Monte,_Chile=El Monte, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vabalninkas=Vabalninkas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calzada_de_Calatrava=Calzada de Calatrava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibbiyeh=Dibbiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celina_High_School_(Celina,_Ohio)=Celina High School (Celina, Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seda,_Lithuania=Seda, Lithuania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puente_Alto=Puente Alto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siem_Reap=Siem Reap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anlu=Anlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampong_Thom_(city)=Kampong Thom (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prey_Veng_(city)=Prey Veng (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anshun=Anshun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampong_Chhnang_(city)=Kampong Chhnang (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channarayapatna=Channarayapatna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meihekou=Meihekou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chibi_City=Chibi City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taonan=Taonan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaocheng=Gaocheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penco=Penco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duyun=Duyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwarighat=Gwarighat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moro,_Pakistan=Moro, Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huadian,_Jilin=Huadian, Jilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honghu=Honghu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancheng=Hancheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonthaburi_(city)=Nonthaburi (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jauharabad=Jauharabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dengzhou=Dengzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lianyuan=Lianyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuxiong_City=Chuxiong City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Mercedes,_San_Luis=Villa Mercedes, San Luis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tebnine=Tebnine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menifee,_California=Menifee, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naha=Naha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aizuwakamatsu,_Fukushima=Aizuwakamatsu, Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyama,_Tochigi=Oyama, Tochigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisarazu=Kisarazu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komaki,_Aichi=Komaki, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawasaki,_Kanagawa=Kawasaki, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsugi,_Kanagawa=Atsugi, Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odawara=Odawara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okinawa,_Okinawa=Okinawa, Okinawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinyi,_Guangdong=Xinyi, Guangdong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dripping_Springs,_Texas=Dripping Springs, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhahran=Dhahran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deogarh,_Madhya_Pradesh=Deogarh, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warman,_Saskatchewan=Warman, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalus,_Iran=Chalus, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmudabad,_Mazandaran=Mahmudabad, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juybar=Juybar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansa,_Gujarat=Mansa, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degana=Degana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Vilos=Los Vilos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanivtsi=Lanivtsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illintsi=Illintsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prymorsk=Prymorsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malyn=Malyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrushivka=Andrushivka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostopil=Kostopil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hlobyne=Hlobyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrebinka=Hrebinka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ananyiv=Ananyiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teplodar=Teplodar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komsomolsk,_Ukraine=Komsomolsk, Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Druzhkivka=Druzhkivka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avdiivka=Avdiivka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobropillia=Dobropillia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyarka=Boyarka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obukhiv=Obukhiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pervomaiskyi=Pervomaiskyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debaltseve=Debaltseve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Znamianka=Znamianka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uhniv=Uhniv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnyi_Lyman=Krasnyi Lyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnohirsk=Vilnohirsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morshyn=Morshyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaremche=Yaremche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jirandeh=Jirandeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolove=Apostolove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hola_Prystan=Hola Prystan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beryslav=Beryslav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamianka,_Cherkasy_Oblast=Kamianka, Cherkasy Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaharlyk=Kaharlyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vynnyky=Vynnyky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myronivka=Myronivka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavriysk=Tavriysk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolekhiv=Bolekhiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novodnistrovsk=Novodnistrovsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnoun=Arnoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toula,_Lebanon=Toula, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sareyn=Sareyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodhran=Lodhran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pozo_Almonte=Pozo Almonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauria_Nandangarh=Lauria Nandangarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hetauda=Hetauda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humahuaca=Humahuaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagomi,_Kumamoto=Nagomi, Kumamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misato,_Kumamoto=Misato, Kumamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empedrado,_Corrientes=Empedrado, Corrientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esquina,_Corrientes=Esquina, Corrientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Vista,_Corrientes=Bella Vista, Corrientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska=Anchorage, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakdasht=Pakdasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazarabad=Nazarabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eslamshahr=Eslamshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torkamanchay=Torkamanchay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande,_Rio_Grande_do_Sul=Rio Grande, Rio Grande do Sul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_de_Irigoyen,_Misiones=Bernardo de Irigoyen, Misiones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatehabad,_Uttar_Pradesh=Fatehabad, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borazjan=Borazjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barda,_Azerbaijan=Barda, Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordubad=Ordubad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufino,_Santa_Fe=Rufino, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinzhou=Xinzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudalur,_Theni=Gudalur, Theni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langarud=Langarud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaffrabad,_Tamil_Nadu=Jaffrabad, Tamil Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jafarabad,_Uttar_Pradesh=Jafarabad, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannivadi,_Dindigul=Kannivadi, Dindigul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadi,_Maharashtra=Wadi, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeranur,_Pudukkottai=Keeranur, Pudukkottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kombai,_Tamil_Nadu=Kombai, Tamil Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerash=Gerash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kediri,_East_Java=Kediri, East Java
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pengzhou=Pengzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urdinarrain=Urdinarrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario_del_Tala=Rosario del Tala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dipalpur=Dipalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaen=Qaen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kessel,_Limburg=Kessel, Limburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos_Centro=San Carlos Centro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolayat=Kolayat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanipol=Fanipol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pallapatti,_Virudhunagar=Pallapatti, Virudhunagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papparapatti,_Salem=Papparapatti, Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasur,_Erode=Pasur, Erode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kattankudy=Kattankudy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moodabidri=Moodabidri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohanpur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Mohanpur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwarka,_Delhi=Dwarka, Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammana=Hammana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pudupatti=Pudupatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_Ormy,_Texas=Von Ormy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedi,_Gujarat=Bedi, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivagiri,_Erode=Sivagiri, Erode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivagiri,_Tirunelveli=Sivagiri, Tirunelveli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kish,_Iran=Kish, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramapuram,_Kottayam=Ramapuram, Kottayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachin,_Gujarat=Sachin, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikhli,_Gujarat=Chikhli, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un,_Surat=Un, Surat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chala,_Gujarat=Chala, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyvan=Eyvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahnuj=Kahnuj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konijerla=Konijerla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharampur,_India=Dharampur, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gota,_Gujarat=Gota, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codazzi=Codazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimichagua=Chimichagua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianeh,_East_Azerbaijan=Mianeh, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadi,_India=Kadi, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kali,_India=Kali, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lathi,_Gujarat=Lathi, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur,_Gujarat=Jodhpur, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Parejas,_Santa_Fe=Las Parejas, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong,_Santa_Fe=Armstrong, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purranque=Purranque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Mina,_Lebanon=El Mina, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatuha=Fatuha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meshginshahr=Meshginshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Tanjungbalai=Kota Tanjungbalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bani_Walid=Bani Walid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asaka,_Uzbekistan=Asaka, Uzbekistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esfarayen=Esfarayen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaukori=Chaukori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baladeh,_Mazandaran=Baladeh, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paso_de_los_Toros=Paso de los Toros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okpogho=Okpogho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dugo_Selo=Dugo Selo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultanpur,_Madhya_Pradesh=Sultanpur, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srinagar,_Uttarakhand=Srinagar, Uttarakhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roorkee_Cantonment=Roorkee Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramnagar,_Uttarakhand=Ramnagar, Uttarakhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raipur,_Uttarakhand=Raipur, Uttarakhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamba,_Uttarakhand=Chamba, Uttarakhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinmin,_Liaoning=Xinmin, Liaoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhimtal=Bhimtal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meybod=Meybod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnarajanagara=Krishnarajanagara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weinan=Weinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bally,_Howrah=Bally, Howrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singrauli=Singrauli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_de_Jujuy=San Pedro de Jujuy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehradun_Cantonment=Dehradun Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nainital_Cantonment=Nainital Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daman,_Daman_and_Diu=Daman, Daman and Diu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchtown,_County_Cork=Churchtown, County Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulan_Hot=Ulan Hot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taloqan=Taloqan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazarak,_Panjshir=Bazarak, Panjshir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldorado,_Misiones=Eldorado, Misiones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario_de_la_Frontera=Rosario de la Frontera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario_de_Lerma=Rosario de Lerma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amli,_India=Amli, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyosu,_Aichi=Kiyosu, Aichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montijo,_Spain=Montijo, Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indri,_India=Indri, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asola_(Delhi)=Asola (Delhi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zlatar,_Croatia=Zlatar, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aron,_India=Aron, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songnim=Songnim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilsa,_Bihar=Hilsa, Bihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govindgarh,_Madhya_Pradesh=Govindgarh, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poonch=Poonch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheema,_Sangrur=Cheema, Sangrur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armoor=Armoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rath,_India=Rath, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shu,_Jambyl=Shu, Jambyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baran,_Rajasthan=Baran, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasirabad,_Ajmer=Nasirabad, Ajmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijainagar,_Ajmer=Vijainagar, Ajmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambhar_Lake_Town=Sambhar Lake Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narsingarh,_Tripura=Narsingarh, Tripura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ara,_Jharkhand=Ara, Jharkhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aonla,_Uttar_Pradesh=Aonla, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chakia,_Uttar_Pradesh=Chakia, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haimen=Haimen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chala,_Kannur=Chala, Kannur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastvale,_California=Eastvale, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islampur,_Nalanda=Islampur, Nalanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahar=Ahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chirakkal,_Kannur=Chirakkal, Kannur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalalabad,_Bijnor=Jalalabad, Bijnor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalalabad,_Fazilka=Jalalabad, Fazilka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalalabad,_Shahjahanpur=Jalalabad, Shahjahanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalalabad,_Muzaffarnagar=Jalalabad, Muzaffarnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalna,_Maharashtra=Jalna, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongju=Chongju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton=Southampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambha,_Odisha=Rambha, Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarach,_Iran=Zarach, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Kamsar=Port Kamsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal=Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cusseta,_Alabama=Cusseta, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhiwandi=Bhiwandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresia,_Chile=Fresia, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasba,_Uttar_Dinajpur=Kasba, Uttar Dinajpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhour_El_Choueir=Dhour El Choueir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sombrerete,_Zacatecas=Sombrerete, Zacatecas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vita,_Maharashtra=Vita, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharagpur,_Munger=Kharagpur, Munger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laohekou=Laohekou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kfarsghab=Kfarsghab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stok=Stok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemrey=Chemrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishnupur,_Manipur=Bishnupur, Manipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pileru=Pileru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cork_(city)=Cork (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linjiang=Linjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banka,_Bihar=Banka, Bihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coteau-du-Lac,_Quebec=Coteau-du-Lac, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meru,_Hazaribagh=Meru, Hazaribagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muri,_Ranchi=Muri, Ranchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Huidobro=Villa Huidobro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miluo_City=Miluo City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eupora,_Mississippi=Eupora, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds=Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakeshi=Yakeshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiangxiang=Xiangxiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saclepea=Saclepea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sini,_Jharkhand=Sini, Jharkhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera,_Dhanbad=Mera, Dhanbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borovo_Naselje=Borovo Naselje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panguipulli=Panguipulli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piro,_Bhojpur=Piro, Bhojpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pihuamo=Pihuamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathcona,_Alberta=Strathcona, Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunchales,_Santa_Fe=Sunchales, Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azarshahr=Azarshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Siraf=Bandar Siraf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountain_Square,_Cincinnati=Fountain Square, Cincinnati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_de_la_Mora,_Paraguay=Fernando de la Mora, Paraguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrouj=Mrouj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nehe=Nehe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satana,_India=Satana, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siquirres=Siquirres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunri=Kunri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vazhakkala,_Ernakulam=Vazhakkala, Ernakulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danjiangkou=Danjiangkou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingzhou=Dingzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts=Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajestan=Bajestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tebing_Tinggi=Tebing Tinggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langsa=Langsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lhokseumawe=Lhokseumawe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prabumulih=Prabumulih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubuklinggau=Lubuklinggau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rineh=Rineh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qahderijan=Qahderijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinghua,_Jiangsu=Xinghua, Jiangsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gagnon,_Quebec=Gagnon, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akbarpur,_Ambedkar_Nagar=Akbarpur, Ambedkar Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad,_Uttar_Pradesh=Bad, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelong,_New_South_Wales=Adelong, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandur,_Telangana=Chandur, Telangana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houma,_Shanxi=Houma, Shanxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rameswaram,_YSR_District=Rameswaram, YSR District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antu,_India=Antu, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahpur,_Bihar=Shahpur, Bihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahpur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Shahpur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gajwel=Gajwel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miziara=Miziara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagarto,_Sergipe=Lagarto, Sergipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otaqvar=Otaqvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapais,_Quebec=Chapais, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Arenas=Punta Arenas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaico=Renaico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badnera=Badnera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasra,_Ranaghat=Nasra, Ranaghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athara_Hazari=Athara Hazari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banga,_India=Banga, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dari,_Jharkhand=Dari, Jharkhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tati,_Ranchi=Tati, Ranchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jena,_Bokaro=Jena, Bokaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokaro_(Thermal)=Bokaro (Thermal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tieli=Tieli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongtai=Dongtai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enshi_City=Enshi City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guanghan=Guanghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangshui=Guangshui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangyou=Jiangyou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liupanshui=Liupanshui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhaodong=Zhaodong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marma,_Dhanbad=Marma, Dhanbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooee,_Tasmania=Cooee, Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostamkola=Rostamkola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Lagos,_Chile=Los Lagos, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mishan=Mishan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingcheng=Xingcheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yingcheng=Yingcheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yizheng=Yizheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhucheng=Zhucheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuozhou=Zhuozhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zixing=Zixing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaili_City=Kaili City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongjiang,_Heilongjiang=Tongjiang, Heilongjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saravan,_Iran=Saravan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wugang,_Hunan=Wugang, Hunan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibaj=Dibaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mezquitic=Mezquitic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitung=Bitung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Dolores=Villa Dolores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Nueva,_Mendoza=Villa Nueva, Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhadravati,_Maharashtra=Bhadravati, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skenderaj=Skenderaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunhua=Dunhua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jieshou=Jieshou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingtongxia=Qingtongxia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leiyang=Leiyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bay_City,_Michigan=West Bay City, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laizhou=Laizhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichuan,_Hubei=Lichuan, Hubei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalluru=Kalluru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaowu=Shaowu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiyuan,_Yunnan=Kaiyuan, Yunnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudrapatna=Rudrapatna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talasari=Talasari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gevrai=Gevrai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suifenhe=Suifenhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirpur=Shirpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huitzuco=Huitzuco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motala,_Buldhana=Motala, Buldhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shulan=Shulan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutana,_Saskatoon=Nutana, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logansport,_Indiana=Logansport, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hailun=Hailun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaomi=Gaomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutana_Suburban_Centre,_Saskatoon=Nutana Suburban Centre, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kfarhamam=Kfarhamam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico_(Misiones)=Puerto Rico (Misiones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varsity_View,_Saskatoon=Varsity View, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederation_Suburban_Centre,_Saskatoon=Confederation Suburban Centre, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehui=Dehui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buena_Vista,_Saskatoon=Buena Vista, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nangal_Choudhary=Nangal Choudhary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarayan=Sarayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamakhandi=Jamakhandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_de_los_Lagos=San Juan de los Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erenhot=Erenhot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatehpur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Fatehpur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Park,_Saskatoon=College Park, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barshitakli=Barshitakli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loncoche=Loncoche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbor_Creek,_Saskatoon=Arbor Creek, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosvenor_Park,_Saskatoon=Grosvenor Park, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saroornagar=Saroornagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Park_East,_Saskatoon=College Park East, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiosa=Tiosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakoli=Sakoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakhni=Lakhni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadak_Arjuni=Sadak Arjuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beit_Mery=Beit Mery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pechenizhyn=Pechenizhyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagalpur=Bhagalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood,_Saskatoon=Wildwood, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakewood_Suburban_Centre,_Saskatoon=Lakewood Suburban Centre, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehaqan=Dehaqan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastview,_Saskatoon=Eastview, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semirom=Semirom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardsir=Bardsir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anda,_Heilongjiang=Anda, Heilongjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nacimiento,_Chile=Nacimiento, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidi_Lakhdar=Sidi Lakhdar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsborough,_Carriacou=Hillsborough, Carriacou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodwad=Bodwad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauda=Mauda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korpana=Korpana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelapur=Kelapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briarwood,_Saskatoon=Briarwood, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeridge,_Saskatoon=Lakeridge, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willemstad,_North_Brabant=Willemstad, North Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lixa=Lixa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erindale,_Saskatoon=Erindale, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muling=Muling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidokht=Bidokht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji'an,_Jilin=Ji'an, Jilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richelieu,_Quebec=Richelieu, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haultain,_Saskatoon=Haultain, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Elizabeth,_Saskatoon=Queen Elizabeth, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paalam=Paalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiantao=Xiantao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khomeyni_Shahr=Khomeyni Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deola=Deola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harsin=Harsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenyang=Fenyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akole=Akole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahata=Rahata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seloo=Seloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karanja,_Wardha=Karanja, Wardha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadwani=Wadwani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khatav=Khatav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beylagan_(city)=Beylagan (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulem_Sarai=Sulem Sarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuzaran=Kuzaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishabhdeo=Rishabhdeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lala,_Assam=Lala, Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarana_(Madhya_Pradesh)=Tarana (Madhya Pradesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanda,_Ambedkar_Nagar=Tanda, Ambedkar Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margherita,_Assam=Margherita, Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sriniwaspuri=Sriniwaspuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myede=Myede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_River_Falls,_Wisconsin=Black River Falls, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebhel=Sebhel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakkavarapukota=Lakkavarapukota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocanda=Bocanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongouanou=Bongouanou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doueir=Doueir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudhole=Mudhole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibirapitanga=Ibirapitanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bois-des-Filion,_Quebec=Bois-des-Filion, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalaki=Dalaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rmaich=Rmaich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debel,_Lebanon=Debel, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaouzah=Qaouzah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaroun=Yaroun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvert_City,_Kentucky=Calvert City, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain_Sifni=Ain Sifni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moreh,_India=Moreh, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudari,_Rayagada=Gudari, Rayagada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koh_Kong_(city)=Koh Kong (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vada,_Palghar=Vada, Palghar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartavio,_Peru=Cartavio, Peru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soro,_Baleshwar=Soro, Baleshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junagarh,_Kalahandi=Junagarh, Kalahandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naupada=Naupada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikfaya=Bikfaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalconagar,_Angul=Nalconagar, Angul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karepalli=Karepalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novyi_Rozdil=Novyi Rozdil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuy=Chuy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Guerir=Ben Guerir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamuna_Vihar=Yamuna Vihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souk_El_Gharb=Souk El Gharb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bibinagar=Bibinagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramnagar,_Barabanki=Ramnagar, Barabanki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramnagar,_Varanasi=Ramnagar, Varanasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanle_(village)=Hanle (village)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulancingo=Tulancingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melipilla=Melipilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bontang=Bontang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumerpur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Sumerpur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumbal,_Jammu_and_Kashmir=Sumbal, Jammu and Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisela_Voda_Municipality=Kisela Voda Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centar_Municipality_(Skopje)=Centar Municipality (Skopje)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazi_Baba_Municipality=Gazi Baba Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Municipality_of_Butel=Municipality of Butel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodrom_Municipality_(Skopje)=Aerodrom Municipality (Skopje)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamid_al_lawz=Kamid al lawz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarpur,_Banka=Amarpur, Banka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokha,_Rohtas=Nokha, Rohtas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buin,_Chile=Buin, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catbalogan=Catbalogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pen,_India=Pen, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talwara_(Udhampur_district)=Talwara (Udhampur district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janpahad=Janpahad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuz_Khormato=Tuz Khormato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeview,_Saskatoon=Lakeview, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khan_Sahib,_Jammu_and_Kashmir=Khan Sahib, Jammu and Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramban_(Jammu_and_Kashmir)=Ramban (Jammu and Kashmir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaishali_(ancient_city)=Vaishali (ancient city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suar,_Uttar_Pradesh=Suar, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anning,_Yunnan=Anning, Yunnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mang_City=Mang City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhatgaon,_Raipur=Bhatgaon, Raipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urla,_Raipur=Urla, Raipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahadurganj,_Ghazipur=Bahadurganj, Ghazipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patan,_Chhattisgarh=Patan, Chhattisgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilaspur,_Haryana=Bilaspur, Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilaspur,_Gautam_Buddh_Nagar=Bilaspur, Gautam Buddh Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patan,_Maharashtra=Patan, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patan,_Madhya_Pradesh=Patan, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota,_Bilaspur=Kota, Bilaspur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamul,_Durg=Jamul, Durg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andro,_Imphal_East=Andro, Imphal East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champa,_Chhattisgarh=Champa, Chhattisgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Som,_Uttar_Pradesh=Som, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umerkote=Umerkote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafizabad=Hafizabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badi,_Raisen=Badi, Raisen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahpur,_Betul=Shahpur, Betul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahpur,_Sagar=Shahpur, Sagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide/Churchill,_Saskatoon=Adelaide/Churchill, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koppa,_India=Koppa, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirmaur,_Rewa=Sirmaur, Rewa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagh,_Dhar=Bagh, Dhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagli,_Dewas=Bagli, Dewas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Bernardo,_Chile=San Bernardo, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palopo=Palopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon,_Saskatoon=Avalon, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vechoochira=Vechoochira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sira,_India=Sira, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devadurga,_India=Devadurga, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hailin=Hailin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dras=Dras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahpura,_Dindori=Shahpura, Dindori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahpura,_Jabalpur=Shahpura, Jabalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindi,_Maharashtra=Sindi, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratangarh,_Neemuch=Ratangarh, Neemuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampura,_Jalaun=Rampura, Jalaun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampura,_Neemuch=Rampura, Neemuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajnagar,_Chhatarpur=Rajnagar, Chhatarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allahabad=Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monastery_of_Qozhaya=Monastery of Qozhaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajgarh,_Dhar=Rajgarh, Dhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipariya,_Jabalpur=Pipariya, Jabalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huauchinango=Huauchinango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Salto,_Durango=El Salto, Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minami,_Tokushima=Minami, Tokushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naka,_Tokushima=Naka, Tokushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pichhore,_Shivpuri=Pichhore, Shivpuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pali,_Umaria=Pali, Umaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pali,_Raigad=Pali, Raigad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pali,_Hardoi=Pali, Hardoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pali,_Lalitpur=Pali, Lalitpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narayangarh,_Mandsaur=Narayangarh, Mandsaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivajinagar,_Maharashtra=Shivajinagar, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunjah=Kunjah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosambi=Kosambi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mau,_Bhind=Mau, Bhind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manpur,_Indore=Manpur, Indore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Springs,_California=Palm Springs, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevoort_Park,_Saskatoon=Brevoort Park, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zumpango=Zumpango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ning'an=Ning'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greystone_Heights,_Saskatoon=Greystone Heights, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misato,_Miyazaki=Misato, Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahi,_Uttar_Pradesh=Shahi, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athani,_Karnataka=Athani, Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotar,_Satna=Kotar, Satna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kothi,_Satna=Kothi, Satna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kari,_Tikamgarh=Kari, Tikamgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baikunthpur,_Rewa=Baikunthpur, Rewa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samba,_Jammu=Samba, Jammu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taybad=Taybad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barhi,_Katni=Barhi, Katni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holliston,_Saskatoon=Holliston, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boda,_Rajgarh=Boda, Rajgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bima=Bima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomohon=Tomohon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanumana,_Rewa=Hanumana, Rewa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamat=Hamat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chekka=Chekka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deori,_Sagar=Deori, Sagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bane,_Lebanon=Bane, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kfeir=Kfeir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uriangato=Uriangato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabarja=Tabarja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakunila=Hakunila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deori,_Shahdol=Deori, Shahdol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dindori,_Madhya_Pradesh=Dindori, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dola,_Shahdol=Dola, Shahdol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandor,_Maharashtra=Sandor, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachaya_Al_Foukhar=Rachaya Al Foukhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gahru=Gahru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kordkuy=Kordkuy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawqa=Hawqa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattoki=Pattoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faitroun=Faitroun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zouk_Mikael=Zouk Mikael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarchu=Sarchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasroun=Hasroun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paillaco=Paillaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aintourine=Aintourine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saidpur,_Ghazipur=Saidpur, Ghazipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narowal=Narowal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanco=Lanco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futrono=Futrono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nandgaon,_Uttar_Pradesh=Nandgaon, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nandgaon,_Maharashtra=Nandgaon, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahabad,_Gulbarga=Shahabad, Gulbarga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahabad,_Rampur=Shahabad, Rampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahabad,_Hardoi=Shahabad, Hardoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banat,_India=Banat, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pudu,_Dakshina_Kannada=Pudu, Dakshina Kannada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio,_Chile=San Antonio, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binnish=Binnish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khanpur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Khanpur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asakuchi,_Okayama=Asakuchi, Okayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerpedu=Yerpedu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palanganatham=Palanganatham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puthoor=Puthoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baragaon,_Varanasi=Baragaon, Varanasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Romuald,_Quebec=Saint-Romuald, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadchit=Hadchit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raver,_Maharashtra=Raver, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rania,_Haryana=Rania, Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidurashwatha=Vidurashwatha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saqlawiyah=Saqlawiyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatti,_Raichur=Hatti, Raichur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamanca,_Chile=Salamanca, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sereel=Sereel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhairet_Toula=Bhairet Toula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bnachii=Bnachii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kfaryachit=Kfaryachit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deir_Mimas=Deir Mimas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Calera,_Chile=La Calera, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alden,_Iowa=Alden, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smar_Jbeil=Smar Jbeil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raman,_Punjab_(India)=Raman, Punjab (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karmsaddeh=Karmsaddeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kfarfou=Kfarfou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daraya=Daraya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chadegan=Chadegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aitou=Aitou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ejbeh=Ejbeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandiaro=Kandiaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chail,_Uttar_Pradesh=Chail, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susangerd=Susangerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhalwal=Bhalwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalat,_Khorasan=Kalat, Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brummana=Brummana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cashion_Community,_Texas=Cashion Community, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.Nulenuru=R.Nulenuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vallenar=Vallenar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewa,_India=Dewa, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain_Saadeh=Ain Saadeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirpur=Sirpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_Manthang=Lo Manthang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangapur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Gangapur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora,_Lebanon=Dora, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santhanagopalapuram=Santhanagopalapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gola_Bazar,_Uttar_Pradesh=Gola Bazar, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudi=Sudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_neighbourhoods_of_Sudbury=Urban neighbourhoods of Sudbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hata,_India=Hata, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaddi_Annaram=Gaddi Annaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shankarpalli=Shankarpalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songzi=Songzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti,_Punjab=Patti, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti,_Uttar_Pradesh=Patti, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamakunnu=Chamakunnu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baabdat=Baabdat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parli,_Maharashtra=Parli, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jahanabad,_Pilibhit=Jahanabad, Pilibhit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joya,_India=Joya, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osku=Osku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedeh=Sedeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quirihue=Quirihue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posalia=Posalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_City,_Kentucky=Clay City, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narsingi,_Medak=Narsingi, Medak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khairabad,_Mau=Khairabad, Mau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evaz=Evaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guachinango,_Jalisco=Guachinango, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandi=Tandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunda,_India=Kunda, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharatpur,_Rajasthan=Bharatpur, Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siah_Cheshmeh=Siah Cheshmeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Grove,_Saskatoon=Forest Grove, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosewood,_Saskatoon=Rosewood, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakhimpur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Lakhimpur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle=Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo,_Quebec=Waterloo, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vangani=Vangani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelu=Shelu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heredia,_Costa_Rica=Heredia, Costa Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lar,_India=Lar, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fu'an=Fu'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loni,_India=Loni, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maghar,_India=Maghar, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunakeszi=Dunakeszi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pano_Akil=Pano Akil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maur_Mandi=Maur Mandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neubeuern=Neubeuern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirganj,_Uttar_Pradesh=Mirganj, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammadabad,_Ghazipur=Mohammadabad, Ghazipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolverhampton=Wolverhampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danville,_Quebec=Danville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyama,_Fukuoka=Miyama, Fukuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyako,_Fukuoka=Miyako, Fukuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyawaka,_Fukuoka=Miyawaka, Fukuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutana_Park,_Saskatoon=Nutana Park, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paine,_Chile=Paine, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohan,_Uttar_Pradesh=Mohan, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasemabad,_Khvaf=Qasemabad, Khvaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dores_de_Campos=Dores de Campos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mughalsarai=Mughalsarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Basile-le-Grand,_Quebec=Saint-Basile-le-Grand, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauharnois,_Quebec=Beauharnois, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galugah,_Babol=Galugah, Babol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahnemir=Bahnemir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelardasht=Kelardasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marzanabad=Marzanabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamestan=Chamestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiakola=Kiakola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pol-e_Sefid=Pol-e Sefid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirgah=Shirgah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zirab=Zirab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashtarud=Nashtarud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelarabad=Kelarabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fereydunkenar=Fereydunkenar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawabganj,_Gonda=Nawabganj, Gonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niwari,_Uttar_Pradesh=Niwari, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz,_Chile=Santa Cruz, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heris=Heris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunchun=Hunchun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Oklahoma_City=Downtown Oklahoma City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantpur=Tantpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabudasht=Dabudasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aksu,_Kazakhstan=Aksu, Kazakhstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingwu=Lingwu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comilla=Comilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athus=Athus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunguvarchatram=Sunguvarchatram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morteros=Morteros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bau-Bau=Bau-Bau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kfarhata=Kfarhata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandlai=Chandlai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prithbinarayan=Prithbinarayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalanaur,_Haryana=Kalanaur, Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chahtoul=Chahtoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Landing,_Texas=Taylor Landing, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biramsar=Biramsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harsh,_Sikar=Harsh, Sikar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcar=Carcar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orla,_Jharkhand=Orla, Jharkhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misato,_Shimane=Misato, Shimane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iinan,_Shimane=Iinan, Shimane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maulasar=Maulasar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabudrahang=Kabudrahang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razan=Razan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saman,_Iran=Saman, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palsana=Palsana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazanak=Gazanak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panadura=Panadura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sejong_City=Sejong City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolbanabad=Bolbanabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Alemana=Villa Alemana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkapuri=Alkapuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotoura,_Tottori=Kotoura, Tottori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bori,_Rivers=Bori, Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hbaline=Hbaline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaragadhi=Amaragadhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itahari=Itahari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauce_Viejo,_Argentina=Sauce Viejo, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limache=Limache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barva_(canton)=Barva (canton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldim=Baldim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misaki,_Okayama=Misaki, Okayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazargan,_Iran=Bazargan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakagawa,_Tochigi=Nakagawa, Tochigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera,_Pastaza=Mera, Pastaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quesada,_Costa_Rica=Quesada, Costa Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desamparados=Desamparados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvi,_Wardha=Arvi, Wardha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port-Cartier=Port-Cartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forestville,_Quebec=Forestville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashta,_Maharashtra=Ashta, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bareta=Bareta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanzhou_District=Yanzhou District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singhana=Singhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabankareh=Shabankareh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatehabad,_Haryana=Fatehabad, Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_de_la_Paz=San Pedro de la Paz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoise=Thoise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansar,_India=Mansar, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Anne-des-Monts,_Quebec=Sainte-Anne-des-Monts, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirque=Pirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motomiya,_Fukushima=Motomiya, Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarakan,_North_Kalimantan=Tarakan, North Kalimantan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalgaon,_Ratnagiri=Jalgaon, Ratnagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julana,_India=Julana, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Barca_(municipality)=La Barca (municipality)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkerfield,_Kansas=Parkerfield, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MarMoussa=MarMoussa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonakal=Bonakal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kfarhata_Zgharta=Kfarhata Zgharta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhivpuri=Bhivpuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nangal_Sirohi=Nangal Sirohi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subulussalam=Subulussalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dengfeng=Dengfeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apan=Apan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamazula_de_Victoria=Tamazula de Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuchang,_Heilongjiang=Wuchang, Heilongjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luddan=Luddan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huasco=Huasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danzhou=Danzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villamanrique_de_la_Condesa=Villamanrique de la Condesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villanueva_de_San_Juan=Villanueva de San Juan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villanueva_del_Ariscal=Villanueva del Ariscal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bormujos=Bormujos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Algaba=La Algaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Campana=La Campana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casariche=Casariche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castilblanco_de_los_Arroyos=Castilblanco de los Arroyos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castilleja_del_Campo=Castilleja del Campo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Castillo_de_las_Guardas=El Castillo de las Guardas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coripe=Coripe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Coronil=El Coronil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espartinas=Espartinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Corrales=Los Corrales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Garrobo=El Garrobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelves=Gelves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillena=Guillena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lora_de_Estepa=Lora de Estepa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Luisiana=La Luisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Molares=Los Molares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montellano=Montellano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Palacios_y_Villafranca=Los Palacios y Villafranca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Pedroso=El Pedroso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Puebla_de_Cazalla=La Puebla de Cazalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Puebla_de_los_Infantes=La Puebla de los Infantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Real_de_la_Jara=El Real de la Jara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Rinconada=La Rinconada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Ronquillo=El Ronquillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Rubio=El Rubio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salteras=Salteras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_de_Aznalfarache=San Juan de Aznalfarache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tocina=Tocina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Viso_del_Alcor=El Viso del Alcor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camas,_Seville=Camas, Seville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedrera,_Seville=Pedrera, Seville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivares,_Spain=Olivares, Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldeaquemada=Aldeaquemada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcaudete=Alcaudete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arjonilla=Arjonilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arquillos=Arquillos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benatae=Benatae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabra_del_Santo_Cristo=Cabra del Santo Cristo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambil=Cambil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campillo_de_Arenas=Campillo de Arenas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carboneros=Carboneros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canena=Canena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Carolina=La Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiclana_de_Segura=Chiclana de Segura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cazorla=Cazorla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cazalilla=Cazalilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuensanta_de_Martos=Fuensanta de Martos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuerte_del_Rey=Fuerte del Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornos=Hornos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinojares=Hinojares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamilena=Jamilena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iznatoraf=Iznatoraf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabalquinto=Jabalquinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huesa=Huesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahiguera=Lahiguera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lopera=Lopera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mancha_Real=Mancha Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noalejo=Noalejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orcera=Orcera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peal_de_Becerro=Peal de Becerro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pegalajar=Pegalajar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Puerta_de_Segura=La Puerta de Segura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santisteban_del_Puerto=Santisteban del Puerto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago-Pontones=Santiago-Pontones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_de_Calatrava=Santiago de Calatrava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorihuela_del_Guadalimar=Sorihuela del Guadalimar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torredelcampo=Torredelcampo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torreblascopedro=Torreblascopedro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torredonjimeno=Torredonjimeno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villacarrillo=Villacarrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villanueva_de_la_Reina=Villanueva de la Reina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villardompardo=Villardompardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villarrodrigo=Villarrodrigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Villares=Los Villares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmolejo,_Spain=Marmolejo, Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcaracejos=Alcaracejos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almedinilla=Almedinilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcabuey=Carcabuey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Carpio=El Carpio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dos_Torres=Dos Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encinas_Reales=Encinas Reales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espiel=Espiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuente_la_Lancha=Fuente la Lancha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Granjuela=La Granjuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuente_Palmera=Fuente Palmera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornachuelos=Hornachuelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Guijo=El Guijo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinojosa_del_Duque=Hinojosa del Duque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuente_Obejuna=Fuente Obejuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montemayor=Montemayor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monturque=Monturque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueva_Carteya=Nueva Carteya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obejo=Obejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palenciana=Palenciana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrecampo=Torrecampo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villaharta=Villaharta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villanueva_del_Rey=Villanueva del Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villaralto=Villaralto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villanueva_del_Duque=Villanueva del Duque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albolote=Albolote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arenas_del_Rey=Arenas del Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortes_de_Baza=Cortes de Baza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuevas_del_Campo=Cuevas del Campo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deifontes=Deifontes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonelas=Fonelas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freila=Freila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Gabias=Las Gabias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayena=Jayena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanteira=Lanteira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobras=Lobras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maracena=Maracena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murtas=Murtas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orce=Orce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinos_Puente=Pinos Puente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinos_Genil=Pinos Genil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peligros=Peligros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puebla_de_Don_Fadrique=Puebla de Don Fadrique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulianas=Pulianas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_del_Comercio=Santa Cruz del Comercio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre-Cardela=Torre-Cardela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagra,_Granada=Zagra, Granada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villamena=Villamena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villanueva_de_las_Torres=Villanueva de las Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchal,_Granada=Marchal, Granada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun,_Granada=Jun, Granada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jete,_Granada=Jete, Granada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirvan,_Iran=Shirvan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Mita=Punta Mita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitanagoya=Kitanagoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valanchery=Valanchery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukdungle=Ukdungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narsingpura=Narsingpura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sai_Dham_Rani_Rajasthan=Sai Dham Rani Rajasthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavaltrie,_Quebec=Lavaltrie, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carahue=Carahue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ligua=La Ligua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicente_Guerrero,_Durango=Vicente Guerrero, Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueva_Imperial=Nueva Imperial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khambhra=Khambhra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Lake,_Oregon=Clear Lake, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamulan=Mamulan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cachi,_Argentina=Cachi, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracefield,_Quebec=Gracefield, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canning,_South_24_Parganas=Canning, South 24 Parganas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adipur=Adipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagalpar,_Anjar=Nagalpar, Anjar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantiya=Pantiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandroda=Chandroda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindiyana=Mindiyana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinai,_Kutch=Shinai, Kutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyi=Oyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camarones,_Chile=Camarones, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Huacana=La Huacana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf_Links,_New_Delhi=Golf Links, New Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarze=Yarze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalmunai=Kalmunai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khanna,_Punjab=Khanna, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkhoda_(Haryana)=Kharkhoda (Haryana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khed,_Satara=Khed, Satara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khoni,_Maharashtra=Khoni, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakopee,_Minnesota=Shakopee, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gomishan=Gomishan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qinyang=Qinyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helta=Helta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsarat=Hsarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongjiang=Hongjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calbuco=Calbuco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham=Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masdar_City=Masdar City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahoriband=Bahoriband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriyodu=Eriyodu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_Maska=Ras Maska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darian,_Iran=Darian, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonebridge,_Saskatoon=Stonebridge, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willowgrove,_Saskatoon=Willowgrove, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negur=Negur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakargarh=Shakargarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baft=Baft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Heights_Suburban_Centre,_Saskatoon=University Heights Suburban Centre, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barika=Barika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiekkaharju=Hiekkaharju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takestan=Takestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingjiang=Jingjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kon,_India=Kon, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashqout=Ashqout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Temple,_Sripuram=Golden Temple, Sripuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taixing=Taixing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shush,_Iran=Shush, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouenza=Ouenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeding_Hills,_Agawam,_Massachusetts=Feeding Hills, Agawam, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangzhong=Yangzhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Valley,_Texas=Union Valley, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandusky,_Ohio=Sandusky, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahchouch=Yahchouch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sotunki=Sotunki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramarajulanka=Ramarajulanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurmahal=Nurmahal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goychay_(city)=Goychay (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valaichchenai=Valaichchenai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pale,_Goa=Pale, Goa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohania=Mohania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudra=Kudra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitha_Tiwana=Mitha Tiwana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noorpur,_Punjab=Noorpur, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurabad,_Fars=Nurabad, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahdad=Shahdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavasa=Lavasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basir_Pur=Basir Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balkassar=Balkassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Fallon,_Missouri=O'Fallon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sansha=Sansha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Salto,_Jalisco=El Salto, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alluwali=Alluwali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konkuduru=Konkuduru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qartaba=Qartaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Park,_Oklahoma=Carter Park, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plottier=Plottier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narang_Mandi=Narang Mandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nir,_Ardabil=Nir, Ardabil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotra,_Uttar_Pradesh=Kotra, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confins=Confins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathumoola=Mathumoola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naraq=Naraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vazhamuttom=Vazhamuttom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambrial=Sambrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinile=Shinile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germi=Germi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehrabpur=Mehrabpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekong=Sekong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Krause=Villa Krause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pul-i-Alam=Pul-i-Alam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brumadinho=Brumadinho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qionglai_City=Qionglai City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eslamiyeh=Eslamiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashtian=Ashtian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kothuru,_Srikakulam=Kothuru, Srikakulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapgyo=Sapgyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulimalthe=Sulimalthe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembroke,_Ontario=Pembroke, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collo=Collo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songyuan=Songyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Pie,_Quebec=Saint-Pie, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Floresta,_Uruguay=La Floresta, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Roque,_Corrientes=San Roque, Corrientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taungdwingyi=Taungdwingyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Depalpur,_India=Depalpur, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebu,_Chile=Lebu, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelstoke,_British_Columbia=Revelstoke, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tres_Isletas=Tres Isletas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabela,_Angola=Gabela, Angola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kengtung_Township=Kengtung Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabane=Gabane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samdari=Samdari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberastain=Aberastain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jianyang,_Sichuan=Jianyang, Sichuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khursand=Khursand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancagua=Nancagua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmilla=Palmilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gongyi=Gongyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bileh_Savar=Bileh Savar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firmat=Firmat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasavad=Vasavad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angren,_Uzbekistan=Angren, Uzbekistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zohan=Zohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhairabkunda=Bhairabkunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharjah=Sharjah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letlhakeng=Letlhakeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopong=Kopong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Deylam=Bandar Deylam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young,_Uruguay=Young, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tala,_Uruguay=Tala, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahin_Shahr=Shahin Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khan_Bebin=Khan Bebin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palizada=Palizada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garh_Panchkot=Garh Panchkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakyong=Pakyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pristina=Pristina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panjab,_Afghanistan=Panjab, Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kot_Momin=Kot Momin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary=Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hujra_Shah_Muqeem=Hujra Shah Muqeem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arauco,_Chile=Arauco, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlacolula_de_Matamoros=Tlacolula de Matamoros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsukawa,_Nagano_(Kitaazumi)=Matsukawa, Nagano (Kitaazumi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alipore,_Navsari=Alipore, Navsari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aguaray=Aguaray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horqueta=Horqueta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac-Sergent,_Quebec=Lac-Sergent, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Basile,_Quebec=Saint-Basile, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Lyon,_Michigan=South Lyon, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilakaluripet=Chilakaluripet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jajarkot=Jajarkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadakadu=Vadakadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijie=Bijie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongwei=Zhongwei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maiac=Maiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khemis_Miliana=Khemis Miliana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djezar=Djezar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aokas=Aokas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurumbakkavu_Bhagavathy_Temple_Edathala=Kurumbakkavu Bhagavathy Temple Edathala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Besisahar=Besisahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naya_Raipur=Naya Raipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chust,_Uzbekistan=Chust, Uzbekistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazraat_el-Btadiniye=Mazraat el-Btadiniye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacuba,_Mexico_City=Tacuba, Mexico City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayyam_Pudhur=Ayyam Pudhur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuravan_Palayam=Kuravan Palayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puyo,_Pastaza=Puyo, Pastaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karkevand=Karkevand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huaquechula=Huaquechula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage,_Indiana=Portage, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duparquet,_Quebec=Duparquet, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macamic,_Quebec=Macamic, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleterre,_Quebec=Belleterre, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showt=Showt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottetown=Charlottetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schulenburg,_Texas=Schulenburg, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grange,_Texas=La Grange, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Pascal,_Quebec=Saint-Pascal, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-du-Lac,_Quebec=Notre-Dame-du-Lac, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Causapscal=Causapscal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Marthe-sur-le-Lac,_Quebec=Sainte-Marthe-sur-le-Lac, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont,_Capitale-Nationale,_Quebec=Clermont, Capitale-Nationale, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkmere,_Quebec=Barkmere, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Pamphile,_Quebec=Saint-Pamphile, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahpur,_Gujarat=Shahpur, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nehbandan=Nehbandan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocula,_Guerrero=Cocula, Guerrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandrayal=Mandrayal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panpoli=Panpoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kivi,_Iran=Kivi, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Olmsted,_Ohio=North Olmsted, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutherland_Industrial,_Saskatoon=Sutherland Industrial, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tismana=Tismana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hajjiabad,_Hormozgan=Hajjiabad, Hormozgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Point,_Texas=Sandy Point, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sowme'eh_Sara=Sowme'eh Sara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goygol_(city)=Goygol (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garhi_Yasin=Garhi Yasin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocha,_Uruguay=Rocha, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coihueco=Coihueco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chagai,_Pakistan=Chagai, Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saktigarh,_Siliguri=Saktigarh, Siliguri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yushu_City,_Qinghai=Yushu City, Qinghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bostanabad=Bostanabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mailsi=Mailsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khash,_Iran=Khash, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buleda=Buleda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Hidalgo,_Jalisco=Villa Hidalgo, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melattur,_Tamil_Nadu=Melattur, Tamil Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qods,_Iran=Qods, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahriar=Shahriar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhiloda=Bhiloda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne=Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalkhal,_Ardabil=Khalkhal, Ardabil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Hidalgo,_Durango=Villa Hidalgo, Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Bernardo,_Durango=San Bernardo, Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadath_El_Jebbeh=Hadath El Jebbeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.N._Industrial,_Saskatoon=C.N. Industrial, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricova=Cricova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shifang=Shifang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasim_Shahr=Nasim Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malard=Malard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golestan,_Iran=Golestan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobson,_Montana=Hobson, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diefenbaker_Management_Area,_Saskatoon=Diefenbaker Management Area, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achra,_India=Achra, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khorgas=Khorgas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Catherine-de-la-Jacques-Cartier=Sainte-Catherine-de-la-Jacques-Cartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirumangalam,_Tiruchi=Thirumangalam, Tiruchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twinsburg,_Ohio=Twinsburg, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quitupan=Quitupan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlahualilo_de_Zaragoza=Tlahualilo de Zaragoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexticacan=Mexticacan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edina,_Liberia=Edina, Liberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidi_Slimane,_Morocco=Sidi Slimane, Morocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuyishan,_Fujian=Wuyishan, Fujian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukan=Bukan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desbiens,_Quebec=Desbiens, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunham,_Quebec=Dunham, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jdeideh=Jdeideh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Ahumada=Villa Ahumada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guhisar=Guhisar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staples,_Texas=Staples, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_International_Finance_Tec-City=Gujarat International Finance Tec-City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutton,_Quebec=Sutton, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huanghua=Huanghua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chichihualco=Chichihualco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanganpur=Kanganpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kot_Radha_Kishan=Kot Radha Kishan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usman_Wala=Usman Wala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weston_Lakes,_Texas=Weston Lakes, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewanhat=Dewanhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuyu,_Jilin=Fuyu, Jilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pishin,_Iran=Pishin, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiguayante=Chiguayante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazamitla=Mazamitla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edapal=Edapal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuxpan,_Jalisco=Tuxpan, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Falls,_Texas=Marble Falls, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu_County,_Hawaii=Honolulu County, Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serai_Naurang=Serai Naurang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Pass,_Texas=Eagle Pass, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avaj=Avaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samaro=Samaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marieville,_Quebec=Marieville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhou,_Hebei=Shenzhou, Hebei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yadagirigutta,_Telangana=Yadagirigutta, Telangana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadai,_Punjab=Gadai, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuchesfahan=Kuchesfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khour,_India=Khour, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taunsa_Sharif=Taunsa Sharif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huayin=Huayin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago,_Paraguay=Santiago, Paraguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valjevo=Valjevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teocaltiche=Teocaltiche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunco,_Chile=Cunco, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laldhang=Laldhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayfouq=Mayfouq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhanaulti=Dhanaulti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanjody=Chanjody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przysiersk=Przysiersk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuville,_Quebec=Neuville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujiao=Gujiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emeishan_City=Emeishan City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huaying=Huaying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hualqui=Hualqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rock,_Arkansas=Little Rock, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati=Cincinnati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos,_Paraguay=San Carlos, Paraguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liaqauatpur=Liaqauatpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khangarh,_Punjab=Khangarh, Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver,_Washington=Vancouver, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simi_Valley,_California=Simi Valley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nan'an,_Fujian=Nan'an, Fujian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Juana=Santa Juana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna=Patna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derby=Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pearl=Mount Pearl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morh_Kfarsghab=Morh Kfarsghab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dooradoyle=Dooradoyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muar_(town)=Muar (town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agsu_(city)=Agsu (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goranboy_(city)=Goranboy (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hajiqabul=Hajiqabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imishli_(city)=Imishli (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surendranagar_city=Surendranagar city
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qobustan_(town)=Qobustan (town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quba=Quba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salyan,_Azerbaijan=Salyan, Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punpun=Punpun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria,_Virginia=Alexandria, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abeokuta=Abeokuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi=Abu Dhabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split,_Croatia=Split, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deming,_New_Mexico=Deming, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saltillo=Saltillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalagaun,_Seti=Kalagaun, Seti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangla,_Nepal=Bangla, Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansapur,_Lumbini=Hansapur, Lumbini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokharathok,_Arghakhanchi=Pokharathok, Arghakhanchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitapur,_Arghakhanchi=Sitapur, Arghakhanchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubhinde,_Bagmati=Kubhinde, Bagmati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basantapur,_Mahakali=Basantapur, Mahakali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gokuleswor,_Baitadi=Gokuleswor, Baitadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwakot,_Mahakali=Kuwakot, Mahakali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muslimabad_(Mardan)=Muslimabad (Mardan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanda,_Bajhang=Kanda, Bajhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lekhgaun,_Seti=Lekhgaun, Seti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matela,_Seti=Matela, Seti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipalkot,_Seti=Pipalkot, Seti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridhapata=Ridhapata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagannath,_Seti=Jagannath, Seti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haregaon=Haregaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisapani,_Bheri=Chisapani, Bheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indrapur,_Bheri=Indrapur, Bheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radhapur,_Nepal=Radhapur, Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahamadpur,_Bheri=Mahamadpur, Bheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deurali,_Gorkha=Deurali, Gorkha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerabari,_Gandaki=Kerabari, Gandaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaubari,_Gandaki=Jaubari, Gandaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalalpur_Pirwala=Jalalpur Pirwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandrang,_Gorkha=Tandrang, Gorkha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurahi,_Dhanusa=Aurahi, Dhanusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Industrial,_Saskatoon=West Industrial, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hariharpur,_Janakpur=Hariharpur, Janakpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampur_Birta,_Janakpur=Rampur Birta, Janakpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makhanaha,_Janakpur=Makhanaha, Janakpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul=Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapahi,_Janakpur=Sapahi, Janakpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siddha,_Janakpur=Siddha, Janakpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazman=Yazman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tala,_Jalisco=Tala, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadevpur,_Andhra_Pradesh=Jagadevpur, Andhra Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Khor=Al Khor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island=Providence, Rhode Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurong,_Jiangsu=Jurong, Jiangsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janjgir=Janjgir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batu_Pahat_(town)=Batu Pahat (town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thalanadu=Thalanadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veromies=Veromies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasilla,_Alaska=Wasilla, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goluwala=Goluwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selaiyur=Selaiyur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longquan=Longquan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maner_Sharif=Maner Sharif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muridke=Muridke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amirkola=Amirkola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbrza,_Starachowice_County=Zbrza, Starachowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palenque,_Chiapas=Palenque, Chiapas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherla=Cherla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiaonan=Jiaonan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akota=Akota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatehgunj=Fatehgunj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guachochi=Guachochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Buenaventura,_Chihuahua=San Buenaventura, Chihuahua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kousba=Kousba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Hidalgo,_Chiapas=Ciudad Hidalgo, Chiapas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vembadithalam=Vembadithalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habibabad=Habibabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deem_City,_Florida=Deem City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dailekh=Dailekh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daye,_Hubei=Daye, Hubei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhognipur=Bhognipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenshan_City=Wenshan City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingao_County=Lingao County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengmai_County=Chengmai County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ding'an_County=Ding'an County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qionghai=Qionghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttan=Uttan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aray,_Lebanon=Aray, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Aldama,_Chihuahua=Juan Aldama, Chihuahua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guadalupe,_Chihuahua=Guadalupe, Chihuahua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicente_Guerrero,_Chihuahua=Vicente Guerrero, Chihuahua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacio_Zaragoza,_Chihuahua=Ignacio Zaragoza, Chihuahua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahror_Pacca=Kahror Pacca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miri,_Ahmednagar=Miri, Ahmednagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecumseh,_Nebraska=Tecumseh, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manebhanjyang=Manebhanjyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajantha=Ajantha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curanilahue=Curanilahue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocampo,_Chihuahua=Ocampo, Chihuahua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharameh=Kharameh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Rosendo=San Rosendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulnes,_Chile=Bulnes, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekmal=Tekmal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakory=Nakory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandisthan=Chandisthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaunsahar=Gaunsahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udipur=Udipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Meoqui=Pedro Meoqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jask=Jask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coelemu=Coelemu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillette,_Wyoming=Gillette, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graneros=Graneros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Vicente_de_Tagua_Tagua=San Vicente de Tagua Tagua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peumo=Peumo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zafarwal=Zafarwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napasar=Napasar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadasarai=Gadasarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saucillo=Saucillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozuluama=Ozuluama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llanquihue,_Chile=Llanquihue, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafshejan=Hafshejan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantoyuca=Tantoyuca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delray_Beach,_Florida=Delray Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iga,_Mie=Iga, Mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_City_Condominiums,_New_City,_New_York=New City Condominiums, New City, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thimmasamudram,_Kadapa=Thimmasamudram, Kadapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Cepeda=General Cepeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerrero,_Coahuila=Guerrero, Coahuila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nava,_Coahuila=Nava, Coahuila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morelos,_Coahuila=Morelos, Coahuila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progreso,_Coahuila=Progreso, Coahuila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabinas=Sabinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Mojada=Sierra Mojada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nogales,_Veracruz=Nogales, Veracruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerro_Azul,_Veracruz=Cerro Azul, Veracruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Tuxtla=Santiago Tuxtla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangi,_Odisha=Tangi, Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taltal=Taltal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_de_Almagro,_Chile=Diego de Almagro, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tierra_Amarilla,_Chile=Tierra Amarilla, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pallikkara=Pallikkara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ujoni_Majuli=Ujoni Majuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viraval,_Navsari=Viraval, Navsari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namoni_Majuli=Namoni Majuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford,_Maine=Sanford, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail,_British_Columbia=Trail, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laja,_Chile=Laja, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diplo,_Pakistan=Diplo, Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Careysburg,_Liberia=Careysburg, Liberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semalar=Semalar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naudanda=Naudanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjung_Pandan=Tanjung Pandan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunchithanny=Kunchithanny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandadka=Bandadka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loma_Linda,_California=Loma Linda, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enathu=Enathu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tentha=Tentha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingping=Xingping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abali=Abali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheoraphuli=Sheoraphuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raibag_(Rural)=Raibag (Rural)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirahatti=Shirahatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neyasar=Neyasar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canelas,_Durango=Canelas, Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coneto_de_Comonfort=Coneto de Comonfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Guadalupe_Victoria=Ciudad Guadalupe Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_del_Mezquital=San Francisco del Mezquital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazas=Nazas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nombre_de_Dios,_Durango=Nombre de Dios, Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaozhou=Gaozhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toffo=Toffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tori-Bossito=Tori-Bossito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copargo=Copargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djakotomey=Djakotomey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalo,_Benin=Lalo, Benin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand-Popo=Grand-Popo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bopa=Bopa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toviklin=Toviklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonou=Bonou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avrankou=Avrankou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangbo=Dangbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ifangni=Ifangni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agbangnizoun=Agbangnizoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djidja=Djidja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouinhi=Ouinhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Za-Kpota=Za-Kpota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zogbodomey=Zogbodomey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagnanado=Zagnanado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeWitt,_Iowa=DeWitt, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shani_Shingnapur=Shani Shingnapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuevo_Ideal=Nuevo Ideal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Ocampo,_Durango=Villa Ocampo, Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodeo,_Durango=Rodeo, Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_de_Guadalupe=San Juan de Guadalupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Luis_del_Cordero=San Luis del Cordero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_del_Gallo=San Pedro del Gallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clara,_Durango=Santa Clara, Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topia=Topia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_I._Madero,_Durango=Francisco I. Madero, Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tayoltita=Tayoltita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlamajalcingo_del_Monte=Atlamajalcingo del Monte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlixtac=Atlixtac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcelia=Arcelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayutla_de_los_Libres=Ayutla de los Libres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coahuayutla_de_Guerrero=Coahuayutla de Guerrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copala,_Guerrero=Copala, Guerrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copalillo=Copalillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copanatoyac=Copanatoyac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochoapa_el_Grande=Cochoapa el Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuautepec=Cuautepec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuetzala_del_Progreso=Cuetzala del Progreso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruz_Grande=Cruz Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlacotepec=Tlacotepec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igualapa=Igualapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iliatenco=Iliatenco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tierra_Colorada=Tierra Colorada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malinaltepec=Malinaltepec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hueycantenango=Hueycantenango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquelia=Marquelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ometepec=Ometepec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ixcapuzalco=Ixcapuzalco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quechultenango=Quechultenango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel_Totolapan=San Miguel Totolapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecoanapa=Tecoanapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tepecoacuilco_de_Trujano=Tepecoacuilco de Trujano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetipac=Tetipac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlacoachistlahuaca=Tlacoachistlahuaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlacoapa=Tlacoapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teloloapan=Teloloapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlalchapa=Tlalchapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlapehuala=Tlapehuala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zitlala=Zitlala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xochihuehuetlan=Xochihuehuetlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlalixtaquilla=Tlalixtaquilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xalpatlahuac=Xalpatlahuac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chushul=Chushul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atotonilco_de_Tula=Atotonilco de Tula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tepeji=Tepeji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manafaga=Manafaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banapura=Banapura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milpitas,_California=Milpitas, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_City,_New_York=Pine City, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santragachhi=Santragachhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shishi,_Fujian=Shishi, Fujian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karanja,_Raigad=Karanja, Raigad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamki=Lamki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiaoyi=Xiaoyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont-Rouge=Pont-Rouge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igbere=Igbere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khujner=Khujner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arafat,_Mauritania=Arafat, Mauritania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benichab=Benichab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar-Naim=Dar-Naim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Mina,_Mauritania=El Mina, Mauritania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ksar,_Mauritania=Ksar, Mauritania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyad,_Mauritania=Riyad, Mauritania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebkha,_Mauritania=Sebkha, Mauritania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teyarett=Teyarett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toujouonine=Toujouonine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tevragh-Zeina=Tevragh-Zeina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuchlak=Kuchlak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett,_Washington=Everett, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elez_Han=Elez Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyoma=Nyoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagerstown,_Maryland=Hagerstown, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingyi,_Guizhou=Xingyi, Guizhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richland,_Iowa=Richland, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baragaon,_Jaunpur=Baragaon, Jaunpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello,_Iowa=Monticello, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lianjiang,_Guangdong=Lianjiang, Guangdong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulab_Bagh_and_Zoo=Gulab Bagh and Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Colomban,_Quebec=Saint-Colomban, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marampatti=Marampatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dargaz=Dargaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abidjan=Abidjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sari_Molag=Sari Molag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilari=Dilari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft,_Iran=Shaft, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santana_do_Araguaia=Santana do Araguaia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamo_Heights,_Texas=Alamo Heights, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon,_Mississippi=Brandon, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untvad=Untvad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izadkhvast=Izadkhvast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Layton,_Utah=East Layton, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hejin=Hejin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kojdy=Kojdy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fellowship_of_the_Pentecostal_Churches_in_India=Fellowship of the Pentecostal Churches in India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafeng=Dafeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamno,_Koszalin=Jamno, Koszalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi,_Qinghai=Delhi, Qinghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliabad-e_Katul=Aliabad-e Katul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynwood,_California=Lynwood, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khamaneh=Khamaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karkala=Karkala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Marguerite-du-Lac-Masson,_Quebec=Sainte-Marguerite-du-Lac-Masson, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Places_of_worship_in_Bangalore=Places of worship in Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silghat=Silghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanivarsanthe=Shanivarsanthe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Ward,_Binghamton=First Ward, Binghamton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatsingimari=Hatsingimari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haridaspur,_Uttar_Pradesh=Haridaspur, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggenberg_(Graz)=Eggenberg (Graz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferozewala=Ferozewala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehsi=Mehsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disraeli,_Quebec_(city)=Disraeli, Quebec (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikandara=Sikandara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirumakkottai=Thirumakkottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishigaki,_Okinawa=Ishigaki, Okinawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madha,_Maharashtra=Madha, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansourieh=Mansourieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atengo=Atengo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atenguillo=Atenguillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atotonilco_El_Alto=Atotonilco El Alto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casimiro_Castillo=Casimiro Castillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ejutla,_Jalisco=Ejutla, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Arenal,_Jalisco=El Arenal, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Grullo=El Grullo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostotipaquillo=Hostotipaquillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huejuquilla_El_Alto=Huejuquilla El Alto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartersville,_Georgia=Cartersville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigli=Shigli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jocotepec=Jocotepec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Huerta,_Jalisco=La Huerta, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Manzanilla_de_La_Paz=La Manzanilla de La Paz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalena_Municipality,_Jalisco=Magdalena Municipality, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mascota=Mascota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Gabriel,_Jalisco=San Gabriel, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marcos,_Jalisco=San Marcos, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel_el_Alto=San Miguel el Alto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapalpa=Tapalpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techaluta_de_Montenegro=Techaluta de Montenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tizapan_El_Alto=Tizapan El Alto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kusunti=Kusunti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangaon,_Bihar=Bangaon, Bihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonila=Tonila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonaya=Tonaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuxcueca=Tuxcueca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuxcacuesco=Tuxcacuesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Corona=Villa Corona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilla_de_Guadalupe=Capilla de Guadalupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manari,_Pernambuco=Manari, Pernambuco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Muermos=Los Muermos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonab=Bonab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qeydar=Qeydar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaparamba=Karaparamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udhana=Udhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Joseph-de-Sorel,_Quebec=Saint-Joseph-de-Sorel, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mkalles=Mkalles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latur=Latur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarab,_East_Azerbaijan=Sarab, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konarak,_Iran=Konarak, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesaria=Kesaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_International_City=Dubai International City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Marie,_Quebec=Sainte-Marie, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majhola=Majhola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portneuf,_Quebec=Portneuf, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beruniy=Beruniy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marj=Marj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdanly=Magdanly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hualien_City=Hualien City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gundala,_Khammam=Gundala, Khammam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chainpur,_Bihar=Chainpur, Bihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaisinghpur=Jaisinghpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keolari=Keolari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Hartford_City,_Indiana=History of Hartford City, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shujabad=Shujabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creston,_Iowa=Creston, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Hartford=Downtown Hartford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paliganj=Paliganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikram,_Patna=Bikram, Patna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holingol=Holingol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusaka=Lusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajpur,_Baroda=Rajpur, Baroda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupcini=Cupcini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulandian=Pulandian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Gorda,_Florida=Punta Gorda, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Creek,_Michigan=Battle Creek, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pudukulam=Pudukulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaikattur=Idaikattur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Catherine,_Egypt=Saint Catherine, Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taleqan=Taleqan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daychounieh=Daychounieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basmenj=Basmenj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goaltore=Goaltore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsanjan=Arsanjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvaneh=Silvaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surian=Surian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisakht=Sisakht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farashband=Farashband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashatjin=Hashatjin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jafarabad,_Ardabil=Jafarabad, Ardabil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolowr=Kolowr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuraim=Kuraim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahrud=Lahrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razi,_Ardabil=Razi, Ardabil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsabad=Parsabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namin=Namin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sironcha=Sironcha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itapissuma=Itapissuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surajgarha=Surajgarha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vientiane=Vientiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurangabad_Cantonment=Aurangabad Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghatampur=Ghatampur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidhuna=Bidhuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babarpur_Ajitmal=Babarpur Ajitmal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaphund=Phaphund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abish_Ahmad=Abish Ahmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqkand=Aqkand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajab_Shir=Ajab Shir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakhshayesh=Bakhshayesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gugan=Gugan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashtrud=Hashtrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadishahr=Hadishahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurand=Hurand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharaju=Kharaju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khezerlu=Khezerlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharvana=Kharvana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleybar=Kaleybar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khosrowshahr=Khosrowshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khomarlu=Khomarlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolvanaq=Kolvanaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khvajeh,_Iran=Khvajeh, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leylan=Leylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koshksaray=Koshksaray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuzeh_Kanan=Kuzeh Kanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malekan=Malekan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehraban,_Iran=Mehraban, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamqan=Mamqan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazarkahrizi=Nazarkahrizi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarah_Aghaj=Qarah Aghaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siah_Rud=Siah Rud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardrud=Sardrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shendabad=Shendabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharabian=Sharabian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharafkhaneh=Sharafkhaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sis,_Iran=Sis, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sufian=Sufian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasuj=Tasuj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekmeh_Dash=Tekmeh Dash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamchi=Yamchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varzaqan=Varzaqan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vayqan=Vayqan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarnaq=Zarnaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batkhela=Batkhela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candon=Candon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bostan,_Iran=Bostan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasulabad,_Kanpur_Dehat=Rasulabad, Kanpur Dehat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhajanpura=Bhajanpura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kukherd=Kukherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamroli=Bamroli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godadara=Godadara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puna,_Gujarat=Puna, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanakpur-Kansad=Kanakpur-Kansad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amroli=Amroli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosad=Kosad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escada,_Pernambuco=Escada, Pernambuco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feira_Nova,_Pernambuco=Feira Nova, Pernambuco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zonuz=Zonuz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overly,_North_Dakota=Overly, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefrou=Sefrou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firuraq=Firuraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivughli=Ivughli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avajiq=Avajiq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarah_Zia_od_Din=Qarah Zia od Din
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chahar_Borj=Chahar Borj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport,_Connecticut=Bridgeport, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Anthony,_Minnesota=St. Anthony, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wudalianchi=Wudalianchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qir=Qir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agrestina=Agrestina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locust_Grove,_Georgia=Locust Grove, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujin_City=Fujin City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exu,_Pernambuco=Exu, Pernambuco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balasinor=Balasinor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaniwar_Peth,_Pune=Shaniwar Peth, Pune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limoeiro=Limoeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maraial=Maraial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton,_Texas=Hampton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alattiyur,_Malappuram=Alattiyur, Malappuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirjaveh=Mirjaveh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zazun=Zazun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faradonbeh=Faradonbeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%60Amran=`Amran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferreiros,_Pernambuco=Ferreiros, Pernambuco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machados=Machados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riacho_das_Almas=Riacho das Almas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venturosa=Venturosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudan=Rudan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdanan=Abdanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amlash=Amlash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anbarabad=Anbarabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavasan=Lavasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fossambault-sur-le-Lac=Fossambault-sur-le-Lac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongzhou=Chongzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hejian=Hejian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinnakudal=Chinnakudal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periyakudal=Periyakudal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sencheri=Sencheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhangping=Zhangping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanxiong=Nanxiong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lechang=Lechang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puning=Puning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elathur,_Kozhikode=Elathur, Kozhikode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Mitrovica=North Mitrovica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahotguri_mouza=Ahotguri mouza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chishui,_Guizhou=Chishui, Guizhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changyi,_Shandong=Changyi, Shandong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayong_(Assam)=Mayong (Assam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sougueur=Sougueur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Rapids,_Michigan=Grand Rapids, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarvestan=Sarvestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khairpur_Tamiwali=Khairpur Tamiwali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khora=Khora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmadpur_East=Ahmadpur East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussainabad,_Jharkhand=Hussainabad, Jharkhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pothuhera=Pothuhera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_water_management_in_Monterrey,_Mexico=Urban water management in Monterrey, Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raba,_Indonesia=Raba, Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ataq=Ataq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Visalia=Downtown Visalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shady_Cove,_Oregon=Shady Cove, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Facade=Marine Facade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siahkal=Siahkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada,_Iowa=Nevada, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamkot=Islamkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebo,_Kansas=Lebo, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pugal=Pugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunkaransar=Lunkaransar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawal=Jawal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Leeds=City of Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madurankuli=Madurankuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent,_Ohio=Kent, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaffna=Jaffna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ergun_City=Ergun City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huazhou,_Guangdong=Huazhou, Guangdong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lianzhou=Lianzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangchun=Yangchun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luoding=Luoding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuchuan,_Guangdong=Wuchuan, Guangdong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cenxi=Cenxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongxing,_Guangxi=Dongxing, Guangxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jangal=Jangal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guiping=Guiping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beiliu=Beiliu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heshan,_Guangxi=Heshan, Guangxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-des-Prairies,_Quebec=Notre-Dame-des-Prairies, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angadipuram_Laterite=Angadipuram Laterite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarpol-e_Zahab=Sarpol-e Zahab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serow,_Iran=Serow, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirabad,_West_Azerbaijan=Mirabad, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalus=Nalus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renhuai=Renhuai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinle_City=Xinle City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathili=Mathili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Hill,_Kansas=Spring Hill, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qian'an,_Hebei=Qian'an, Hebei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaobeidian=Gaobeidian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leping=Leping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinggangshan_City=Jinggangshan City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiande=Jiande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinmi=Xinmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yima,_Henan=Yima, Henan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yicheng,_Hubei=Yicheng, Hubei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanchuan=Hanchuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yidu,_Hubei=Yidu, Hubei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinshi,_Hunan=Jinshi, Hunan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linxiang,_Hunan=Linxiang, Hunan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changning,_Hunan=Changning, Hunan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panshi=Panshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuangliao=Shuangliao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da'an,_Jilin=Da'an, Jilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helong=Helong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinyi,_Jiangsu=Xinyi, Jiangsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria,_Chile=Victoria, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingyuan=Lingyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diaobingshan=Diaobingshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dengta=Dengta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fengcheng,_Liaoning=Fengcheng, Liaoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donggang,_Liaoning=Donggang, Liaoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dashiqiao=Dashiqiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beizhen=Beizhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaizhou=Gaizhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linghai=Linghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuanping_City=Yuanping City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiexiu=Jiexiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Khamir=Bandar Khamir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genhe=Genhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arxan=Arxan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morococha=Morococha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazaure=Kazaure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorkheh=Sorkheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasarawa,_Nasarawa_State=Nasarawa, Nasarawa State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huikap=Huikap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nekhel=Nekhel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaduvur=Vaduvur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baakleen=Baakleen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imam_Hassan,_Iran=Imam Hassan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahram,_Iran=Ahram, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdan=Abdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bord_Khun=Bord Khun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Rig=Bandar Rig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Deyr=Bandar Deyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Kangan=Bandar Kangan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar_Ganaveh=Bandar Ganaveh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tang-e_Eram=Tang-e Eram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choghadak=Choghadak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jam,_Iran=Jam, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khvormuj=Khvormuj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riz,_Iran=Riz, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delvar=Delvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadabad,_Iran=Sadabad, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaki,_Iran=Kaki, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalameh=Kalameh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhl_Taqi=Nakhl Taqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vahdatiyeh=Vahdatiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aluni=Aluni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babaheydar=Babaheydar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boldaji=Boldaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junqan=Junqan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudjan=Sudjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sureshjan=Sureshjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalamzar=Shalamzar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefiddasht=Sefiddasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taqanak=Taqanak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naghan=Naghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nafech=Nafech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mal-e_Khalifeh=Mal-e Khalifeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naqneh=Naqneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abuzeydabad=Abuzeydabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alavicheh=Alavicheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asgaran,_Iran=Asgaran, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abrisham=Abrisham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagh-e_Bahadoran=Bagh-e Bahadoran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baharan_Shahr=Baharan Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badrud=Badrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barf_Anbar=Barf Anbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamgardan=Chamgardan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barzok=Barzok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buin_va_Miandasht=Buin va Miandasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damaneh=Damaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmahin=Charmahin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daran,_Iran=Daran, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dastgerd=Dastgerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehaq=Dehaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dizicheh=Dizicheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorcheh_Piaz=Dorcheh Piaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dowlatabad,_Isfahan=Dowlatabad, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afus=Afus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guged=Guged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldasht=Goldasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana,_Iran=Hana, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaz,_Iran=Gaz, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasanabad,_Isfahan=Hasanabad, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imanshahr=Imanshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jandaq=Jandaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jowsheqan_va_Kamu=Jowsheqan va Kamu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jowzdan=Jowzdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khvorasgan=Khvorasgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaledabad=Khaledabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khur,_Isfahan=Khur, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khvorzuq=Khvorzuq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuhpayeh=Kuhpayeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelishad_va_Sudarjan=Kelishad va Sudarjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habibabad,_Isfahan=Habibabad, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golshahr=Golshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komeh=Komeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komeshcheh=Komeshcheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushk,_Iran=Kushk, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahabad,_Isfahan=Mahabad, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzariyeh=Manzariyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meshkat=Meshkat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meymeh=Meymeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasrabad,_Isfahan=Nasrabad, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobarakeh=Mobarakeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nushabad=Nushabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozveh=Rozveh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikabad=Nikabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedeh_Lenjan=Sedeh Lenjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagzi=Sagzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tudeshk=Tudeshk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefidshahr=Sefidshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zayandeh_Rud=Zayandeh Rud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varnamkhast=Varnamkhast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varzaneh=Varzaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkhvoncheh=Talkhvoncheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vazvan=Vazvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zibashahr=Zibashahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanak,_Isfahan=Vanak, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyvanki=Eyvanki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amiriyeh=Amiriyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyarjomand=Beyarjomand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalateh_Khij=Kalateh Khij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyami=Meyami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darjazin=Darjazin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojen=Mojen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dastjerd=Dastjerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahak,_Qom=Kahak, Qom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jafariyeh=Jafariyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qanavat=Qanavat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salafchegan=Salafchegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abadeh_Tashk=Abadeh Tashk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardakan,_Fars=Ardakan, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bab_Anar=Bab Anar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaruiyeh=Banaruiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahman,_Fars=Bahman, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehram=Dehram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efzar=Efzar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshkanan=Eshkanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ij,_Iran=Ij, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaderabad=Qaderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galleh_Dar=Galleh Dar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaemiyeh=Qaemiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qotbabad=Qotbabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hajjiabad,_Fars=Hajjiabad, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jannat_Shahr=Jannat Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juyom=Juyom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korehi=Korehi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konartakhteh=Konartakhteh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamfiruz=Kamfiruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapui=Lapui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khesht=Khesht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavar=Kavar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latifi=Latifi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohr,_Fars=Mohr, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meshkan=Meshkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masiri=Masiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowdan=Nowdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nujin=Nujin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runiz=Runiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramjerd=Ramjerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safashahr=Safashahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahr-e_Pir=Shahr-e Pir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheshdeh=Sheshdeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surmaq=Surmaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seyyedan=Seyyedan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahedshahr=Zahedshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varavi=Varavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarqan=Zarqan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmadsargurab=Ahmadsargurab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asalem=Asalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bareh_Sar=Bareh Sar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazar_Jomeh=Bazar Jomeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaboksar=Chaboksar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chubar=Chubar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuman,_Iran=Fuman, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurab_Zarmikh=Gurab Zarmikh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haviq=Haviq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khomam=Khomam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khoshk-e_Bijar=Khoshk-e Bijar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumeleh=Kumeleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasht-e_Nesha=Lasht-e Nesha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelachay=Kelachay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavandevil=Lavandevil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisar=Lisar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowshan=Lowshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masal=Masal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjaghal=Marjaghal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pareh_Sar=Pareh Sar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahimabad,_Iran=Rahimabad, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rankuh=Rankuh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostamabad,_Gilan=Rostamabad, Gilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangar,_Iran=Sangar, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashtpar=Hashtpar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutkabon=Tutkabon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vajargah=Vajargah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azadshahr=Azadshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anbar_Olum=Anbar Olum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqqala=Aqqala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudboneh=Rudboneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandar-e_Gaz=Bandar-e Gaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daland=Daland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazelabad,_Golestan=Fazelabad, Golestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incheh_Borun=Incheh Borun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galikash=Galikash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaleh=Kalaleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maraveh_Tappeh=Maraveh Tappeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minudasht=Minudasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neginshahr=Neginshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Deh_Khanduz=Now Deh Khanduz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Kandeh=Now Kandeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramian=Ramian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siminshahr=Siminshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarkhon_Kalateh=Sarkhon Kalateh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cagayan_de_Oro=Cagayan de Oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvan,_Iran=Alvan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aghajari=Aghajari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvandkenar=Arvandkenar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamran,_Iran=Chamran, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dezab=Dezab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehdez=Dehdez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh-ye_Khvajeh=Qaleh-ye Khvajeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh_Tall=Qaleh Tall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotvand=Gotvand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horr,_Iran=Horr, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoseyniyeh=Hoseyniyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayezan=Jayezan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamidiyeh=Hamidiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendijan=Hendijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haftkel=Haftkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lali,_Iran=Lali, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moqavemat=Moqavemat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianrud=Mianrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mollasani=Mollasani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafi,_Iran=Rafi, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramshir=Ramshir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seydun=Seydun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safiabad,_Khuzestan=Safiabad, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saland,_Iran=Saland, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheyban,_Iran=Sheyban, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardasht,_Khuzestan=Sardasht, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahreh=Zahreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veys=Veys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhenock=Rhenock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pune_Camp=Pune Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salehabad,_Hamadan=Salehabad, Hamadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juraqan=Juraqan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famenin=Famenin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirin_Su=Shirin Su
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gol_Tappeh,_Hamadan=Gol Tappeh, Hamadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohajeran=Mohajeran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qahavand=Qahavand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryanaj=Maryanaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azandarian=Azandarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jowkar,_Iran=Jowkar, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samen=Samen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barzul=Barzul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firuzan=Firuzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giyan=Giyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qorveh-e_Darjazin=Qorveh-e Darjazin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarkan=Sarkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damaq=Damaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farasfaj=Farasfaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fin,_Iran=Fin, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenah=Jenah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fareghan=Fareghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruydar=Ruydar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsian,_Iran=Parsian, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirik,_Iran=Sirik, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasht_Bandi=Hasht Bandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senderk=Senderk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dargahan=Dargahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziarat-e_Ali=Ziarat-e Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suza,_Iran=Suza, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Gabriel,_Quebec=Saint-Gabriel, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kibber=Kibber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamboanga_City=Zamboanga City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalejin=Lalejin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siddapura,_Bangalore=Siddapura, Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac-Saint-Joseph,_Quebec=Lac-Saint-Joseph, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac-Delage,_Quebec=Lac-Delage, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Brigitte-de-Laval=Sainte-Brigitte-de-Laval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarhali=Sarhali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjung_Balai_Karimun=Tanjung Balai Karimun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouyoun=Ouyoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandala,_Satara=Khandala, Satara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casco_Viejo,_Panama=Casco Viejo, Panama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampati=Ampati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanar_(Matn)=Fanar (Matn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_el_Fil=Sin el Fil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Roukouz=Mar Roukouz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oued_Zem=Oued Zem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidi_Bennour=Sidi Bennour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain_el_Safssaf=Ain el Safssaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitimbu=Pitimbu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arakvaz=Arakvaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tayabas=Tayabas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamitan=Lamitan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naga,_Cebu=Naga, Cebu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogo,_Cebu=Bogo, Cebu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saswad=Saswad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarableh=Sarableh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumar=Lumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badreh=Badreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chavar=Chavar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almanzora=Almanzora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salehabad,_Ilam=Salehabad, Ilam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuke=Manuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Flattery_(Ma_and_Pa_Kettle)=Cape Flattery (Ma and Pa Kettle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_City,_Montana=Miles City, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanpur_Cantonment=Kanpur Cantonment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huejotzingo=Huejotzingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medshi=Medshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walgaon=Walgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chausala=Chausala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangrul=Sangrul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Qalamoun=Al-Qalamoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manjakuppam=Manjakuppam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravar=Ravar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delgosha=Delgosha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towhid=Towhid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrero,_Chile=Cabrero, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larbatache=Larbatache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_areas_of_Vellore=List of areas of Vellore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarasadi=Tarasadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vejalpore=Vejalpore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacubaya=Tacubaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tegucigalpa=Tegucigalpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limoncito=Limoncito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taher=Taher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maroli=Maroli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamrej=Kamrej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beit_Chabab=Beit Chabab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_West_Side_(Denver)=North West Side (Denver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanhoe,_Tyler_County,_Texas=Ivanhoe, Tyler County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_East_Side_(Denver)=North East Side (Denver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joghatai=Joghatai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priozersk,_Kazakhstan=Priozersk, Kazakhstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surak,_Iran=Surak, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajound=Rajound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malavli=Malavli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorud=Dorud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashgar=Kashgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russeifa=Russeifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dompu=Dompu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paso_Robles,_California=Paso Robles, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaBelle,_Florida=LaBelle, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winterville,_Georgia=Winterville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hephzibah,_Georgia=Hephzibah, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnstable,_Massachusetts=Barnstable, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garner,_Iowa=Garner, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phool_Nagar=Phool Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umm_Ruwaba=Umm Ruwaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girdharpur=Girdharpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berunanpukuria=Berunanpukuria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shchuchinsk=Shchuchinsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pichilemu=Pichilemu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laitumkhrah=Laitumkhrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhilai=Bhilai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore=Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakewood,_California=Lakewood, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Municipality_of_Ljubljana=City Municipality of Ljubljana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Mollar=El Mollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Patria=Monte Patria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badshahpur=Badshahpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamical=Chamical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springville,_Utah=Springville, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calle_Larga=Calle Larga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Yangon=Downtown Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Valley_(China)=Solar Valley (China)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadmehr=Shadmehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kusumanchi=Kusumanchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahara,_Sri_Lanka=Mahara, Sri Lanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srifa=Srifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Hill,_Texas=Cedar Hill, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bongaigaon=New Bongaigaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensington,_Saskatoon=Kensington, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilmany,_Victoria=Kilmany, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_District,_Riga=Northern District, Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danville,_Illinois=Danville, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mango_(Jamshedpur)=Mango (Jamshedpur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandi,_Himachal_Pradesh=Mandi, Himachal Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuklaganj=Shuklaganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammadabad,_Isfahan=Mohammadabad, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talagante=Talagante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_New_York=Kingston, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatfield,_Minnesota=Chatfield, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lautaro,_Chile=Lautaro, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorbea,_Chile=Gorbea, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Las_Casas,_Chile=Padre Las Casas, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabildo,_Chile=Cabildo, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinconada=Rinconada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Esteban,_Chile=San Esteban, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catemu=Catemu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putaendo=Putaendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blagaj_Japra=Blagaj Japra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hijuelas=Hijuelas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cruz,_Chile=La Cruz, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nogales,_Chile=Nogales, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valcourt_(city)=Valcourt (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thimmanahalli=Thimmanahalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queluz,_Portugal=Queluz, Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mu'tah=Mu'tah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Preston,_Lancashire=City of Preston, Lancashire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziarat_Shareef=Ziarat Shareef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akwa_Akpa=Akwa Akpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alampur,_Madhya_Pradesh=Alampur, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dukhan=Dukhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gembu,_Nigeria=Gembu, Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Qoubaiyat=Al Qoubaiyat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuhi_Kheyl=Kuhi Kheyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gornji_grad_(Osijek)=Gornji grad (Osijek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donji_grad_(Osijek)=Donji grad (Osijek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retfala=Retfala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puthanathani=Puthanathani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Court_House,_Ohio=Washington Court House, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benab_e_Marand=Benab e Marand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhawana=Bhawana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakxan=Pakxan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daoukro=Daoukro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandabali=Chandabali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmoudiyah,_Egypt=Mahmoudiyah, Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanandaj=Sanandaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khenchara=Khenchara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pindi_Bhattian=Pindi Bhattian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerkattumseval=Nerkattumseval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibsheway=Ibsheway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Rahamnah=Al Rahamnah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadat_City=Sadat City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagan_City=Wagan City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendarda=Mendarda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalalpur_Bhattian=Jalalpur Bhattian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alipur_Chatha=Alipur Chatha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainthamaruthu=Sainthamaruthu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ternate_City=Ternate City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hlegu=Hlegu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ypsilanti,_Michigan=Ypsilanti, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elamaldeniya=Elamaldeniya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panwila=Panwila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukuwela=Ukuwela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiraiyakot=Chiraiyakot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iltifatganj=Iltifatganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goshainganj=Goshainganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumathe=Kumathe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahand,_Iran=Sahand, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Cochin=Greater Cochin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bribri,_Costa_Rica=Bribri, Costa Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saadat_Shahr=Saadat Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javadabad=Javadabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pintendre,_Quebec=Pintendre, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandi,_Benin=Kandi, Benin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kailashahar=Kailashahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranshahr=Piranshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phitsanulok=Phitsanulok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boryspil=Boryspil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_(commune)=Santiago (commune)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiangtan=Xiangtan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changhua_City=Changhua City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_de_la_Cruz=Puerto de la Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferizaj=Ferizaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gongqingcheng=Gongqingcheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manthimba=Manthimba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Kanpur_City=New Kanpur City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akkulapeta=Akkulapeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bommala_Ramaram=Bommala Ramaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkapally=Turkapally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_%60Arish=Abu `Arish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abad,_Bushehr=Abad, Bushehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardestan=Bardestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulug,_Medak=Mulug, Medak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kondapur,_Ranga_Reddy=Kondapur, Ranga Reddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurupa_Valley,_California=Jurupa Valley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichinoseki,_Iwate=Ichinoseki, Iwate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivano-Frankivsk_Municipality=Ivano-Frankivsk Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marot=Marot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diwiparangi=Diwiparangi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimvar=Nimvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotkasim=Kotkasim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safiabad,_North_Khorasan=Safiabad, North Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tankara=Tankara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncha_Majra=Uncha Majra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhadreshwar=Bhadreshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pando,_Uruguay=Pando, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo,_Uruguay=Toledo, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progreso,_Uruguay=Progreso, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Paz,_Uruguay=La Paz, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golanthara=Golanthara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario,_Uruguay=Rosario, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarariras=Tarariras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garab,_Lorestan=Garab, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardona,_Uruguay=Cardona, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Kolkata=East Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nguroje=Nguroje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ujhana=Ujhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shere,_Nigeria=Shere, Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lath,_Rajkot=Lath, Rajkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonia_Valdense=Colonia Valdense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Lacaze=Juan Lacaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deyrintar=Deyrintar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barros_Blancos=Barros Blancos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Francisco_Soca=Dr. Francisco Soca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Migues=Migues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerrillos,_Uruguay=Cerrillos, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parque_del_Plata=Parque del Plata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salinas,_Uruguay=Salinas, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Bautista=San Bautista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jacinto,_Uruguay=San Jacinto, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa,_Uruguay=Santa Rosa, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauce,_Uruguay=Sauce, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tranqueras=Tranqueras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castillos=Castillos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Paloma,_Rocha=La Paloma, Rocha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lascano=Lascano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libertad,_Uruguay=Libertad, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores,_Uruguay=Dolores, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vergara,_Uruguay=Vergara, Uruguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Gregorio_de_Polanco=San Gregorio de Polanco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villianur=Villianur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Madero,_Buenos_Aires=Ciudad Madero, Buenos Aires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_del_Plata=Ciudad del Plata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gop,_Odisha=Gop, Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkedale,_Arkansas=Clarkedale, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matar_(village)=Matar (village)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karzin=Karzin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hihya=Hihya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paso_de_Carrasco=Paso de Carrasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangan,_India=Mangan, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammadabad,_Zabol=Mohammadabad, Zabol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eslamabad-e_Gharb=Eslamabad-e Gharb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arunkhola=Arunkhola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khondab=Khondab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farooqabad=Farooqabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soghad=Soghad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khusf=Khusf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asadiyeh=Asadiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarbisheh=Sarbisheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hajjiabad,_South_Khorasan=Hajjiabad, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galugah=Galugah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esfeden=Esfeden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimbeluk=Nimbeluk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khezri_Dasht_Beyaz=Khezri Dasht Beyaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shusef=Shusef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayask=Ayask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seh_Qaleh=Seh Qaleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabas-e_Masina=Tabas-e Masina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raz,_Iran=Raz, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesar-e_Garmkhan=Hesar-e Garmkhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankhvast=Sankhvast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoqan=Shoqan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daraq=Daraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garmeh=Garmeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lujali=Lujali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faruj=Faruj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qazi,_Iran=Qazi, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pish_Qaleh=Pish Qaleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashkhaneh=Ashkhaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakharz=Bakharz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kariz,_Razavi_Khorasan=Kariz, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashhad_Rizeh=Mashhad Rizeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayg=Bayg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dowlatabad,_Razavi_Khorasan=Dowlatabad, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadkan=Kadkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robat-e_Sang=Robat-e Sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salehabad,_Razavi_Khorasan=Salehabad, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasrabad,_Razavi_Khorasan=Nasrabad, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilshahr=Nilshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapeshlu=Chapeshlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotfabad=Lotfabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Khandan=Now Khandan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouarfa,_Morocco=Bouarfa, Morocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neqab=Neqab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soltanabad,_Razavi_Khorasan=Soltanabad, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davarzan=Davarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheshtomad=Sheshtomad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rud_Ab=Rud Ab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajgiran=Bajgiran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivash,_Iran=Rivash, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunesi=Yunesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakhk=Kakhk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malekabad,_Razavi_Khorasan=Malekabad, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shandiz=Shandiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razaviyeh=Razaviyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absard=Absard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firuzeh=Firuzeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darrud=Darrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qadamgah=Qadamgah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharv=Kharv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chekneh=Chekneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshqabad,_Razavi_Khorasan=Eshqabad, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khvaf=Khvaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangan,_Razavi_Khorasan=Sangan, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashtifan=Nashtifan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salami,_Iran=Salami, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fariman=Fariman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazdavand=Mazdavand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qalandarabad=Qalandarabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefid_Sang=Sefid Sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farhadgerd=Farhadgerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardaskan=Bardaskan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anabad,_Iran=Anabad, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahrabad,_Bardaskan=Shahrabad, Bardaskan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtkhvar=Rashtkhvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahr-e_Zow=Shahr-e Zow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalilabad,_Iran=Khalilabad, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kondor,_Razavi_Khorasan=Kondor, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feyzabad,_Razavi_Khorasan=Feyzabad, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemmatabad=Hemmatabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Tafo=Old Tafo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dekwaneh=Dekwaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arianshahr=Arianshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eresk=Eresk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buin_Zahra=Buin Zahra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danesfahan=Danesfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abgarm=Abgarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagezabad=Sagezabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardak=Ardak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shal=Shal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esfarvarin=Esfarvarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khorramdasht=Khorramdasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziaabad=Ziaabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narjeh=Narjeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moallem_Kalayeh=Moallem Kalayeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razmian=Razmian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirdan=Sirdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eqbaliyeh=Eqbaliyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmudabad_Nemuneh=Mahmudabad Nemuneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuhin=Kuhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khak-e_Ali=Khak-e Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammadiyeh=Mohammadiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidestan=Bidestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvand,_Iran=Alvand, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hir,_Iran=Hir, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tazeh_Kand-e_Angut=Tazeh Kand-e Angut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aslan_Duz=Aslan Duz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abi_Beyglu=Abi Beyglu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haret_ech_Cheikh=Haret ech Cheikh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhinder,_Udaipur=Bhinder, Udaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dantaramgarh=Dantaramgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Musa,_Iran=Abu Musa, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kong,_Iran=Kong, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qeshm,_Iran=Qeshm, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hormuz,_Iran=Hormuz, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmadabad,_Yazd=Ahmadabad, Yazd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqda=Aqda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bafq=Bafq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behabad=Behabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taft,_Iran=Taft, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nir,_Yazd=Nir, Yazd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehriz=Mehriz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahediyeh=Shahediyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamidiya=Hamidiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andal,_Bardhaman=Andal, Bardhaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehrdasht=Mehrdasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khezrabad=Khezrabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadushan=Nadushan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashkezar=Ashkezar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herat,_Iran=Herat, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvast=Marvast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshqabad,_South_Khorasan=Eshqabad, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deyhuk=Deyhuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singampunari_block=Singampunari block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidaj=Hidaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sain_Qaleh=Sain Qaleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalateh_Rudbar=Kalateh Rudbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garmab=Garmab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarrinabad=Zarrinabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarrin_Rud=Zarrin Rud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sojas=Sojas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sohrevard=Sohrevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armaghankhaneh=Armaghankhaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halab,_Iran=Halab, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khorramdarreh=Khorramdarreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab_Bar=Ab Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chavarzaq=Chavarzaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mah_Neshan=Mah Neshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandi,_Iran=Dandi, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharg,_Iran=Kharg, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab_Pakhsh=Ab Pakhsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank,_Iran=Bank, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shonbeh=Shonbeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowgong,_Chhatarpur=Nowgong, Chhatarpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margown=Margown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garab-e_Sofla=Garab-e Sofla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh_Raisi=Qaleh Raisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charam,_Iran=Charam, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landeh=Landeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehdasht=Dehdasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suq,_Iran=Suq, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dishmok=Dishmok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basht=Basht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pataveh=Pataveh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitab=Chitab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Likak=Likak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.Subbulapuram=T.Subbulapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darreh_Shahr=Darreh Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehloran=Dehloran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meymeh,_Ilam=Meymeh, Ilam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pahleh=Pahleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musian=Musian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asemanabad=Asemanabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murmuri=Murmuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarabbagh=Sarabbagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarneh=Zarneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepiddasht=Sepiddasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagheh=Zagheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayranshahr=Bayranshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarab-e_Dowreh=Sarab-e Dowreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veysian=Veysian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalanchulan=Chalanchulan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaqabol=Chaqabol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunani=Kunani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darb-e_Gonbad=Darb-e Gonbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momenabad=Momenabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firuzabad,_Lorestan=Firuzabad, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quweisna=Quweisna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavkushnagar=Lavkushnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zangeneh,_Hamadan=Zangeneh, Hamadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armardeh=Armardeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kani_Sur=Kani Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buin-e_Sofla=Buin-e Sofla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babarashani=Babarashani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salman_Shahr=Salman Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasukand=Yasukand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saheb,_Iran=Saheb, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuyesheh=Shuyesheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehgolan=Dehgolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dezej=Dezej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serishabad=Serishabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delbaran=Delbaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenareh=Chenareh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kani_Dinar=Kani Dinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarrineh=Zarrineh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muchesh=Muchesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarvabad=Sarvabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazman,_Iran=Bazman, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galmurti=Galmurti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nukabad=Nukabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adimi=Adimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonjar=Bonjar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_Mohammad=Dust Mohammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suran,_Sistan_and_Baluchestan=Suran, Sistan and Baluchestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirkan=Sirkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiduj=Hiduj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bent,_Iran=Bent, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasr-e_Qand=Qasr-e Qand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espakeh=Espakeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nik_Shahr=Nik Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasak=Rasak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zehak=Zehak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harand,_Iran=Harand, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezhiyeh=Ezhiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baladeh,_Fars=Baladeh, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zazeran=Zazeran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahriz_Sang=Kahriz Sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rezvanshahr,_Isfahan=Rezvanshahr, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadpurabad=Shadpurabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppeganj=Peppeganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bezenjan=Bezenjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arzuiyeh=Arzuiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabor=Rabor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammadabad,_Kerman=Mohammadabad, Kerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammadabad-e_Gonbaki=Mohammadabad-e Gonbaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baravat=Baravat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narmashir=Narmashir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nezamshahr=Nezamshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fahraj=Fahraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darb-e_Behesht=Darb-e Behesht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jebalbarez=Jebalbarez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anar,_Iran=Anar, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aminshahr=Aminshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mes-e_Sarcheshmeh=Mes-e Sarcheshmeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koshkuiyeh=Koshkuiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahreman=Bahreman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safayyeh=Safayyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khanuk=Khanuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reyhan_Shahr=Reyhan Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazdan_Shahr=Yazdan Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeydabad=Zeydabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najaf_Shahr=Najaf Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehaj=Dehaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jowzam=Jowzam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khatunabad=Khatunabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anduhjerd=Anduhjerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golbaf=Golbaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupar=Jupar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohiabad=Mohiabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghin,_Iran=Baghin, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zangiabad=Zangiabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekhtiarabad=Ekhtiarabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayen=Rayen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatrud=Chatrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazemabad,_Kerman=Kazemabad, Kerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faryab,_Iran=Faryab, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negar=Negar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golzar,_Kerman=Golzar, Kerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hojedk=Hojedk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mardehek=Mardehek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manujan=Manujan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowdezh=Nowdezh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuhbanan=Kuhbanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kian_Shahr=Kian Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudbar,_Kerman=Rudbar, Kerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh_Ganj=Qaleh Ganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khavaran,_Fars=Khavaran, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Bandegan=Now Bandegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishvar=Fishvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subhash_vihar=Subhash vihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khumeh_Zar=Khumeh Zar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatruyeh=Qatruyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahel=Ahel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamarvdasht=Alamarvdasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobiran=Dobiran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asir,_Iran=Asir, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghonda=Ghonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duzeh=Duzeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamashahr=Hamashahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Rotenfels=Bad Rotenfels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minushahr=Minushahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivalik_Nagar,_Haridwar=Shivalik Nagar, Haridwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jannat_Makan=Jannat Makan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeyl=Homeyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halashi,_Iran=Halashi, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabat,_Iran=Rabat, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robat=Robat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayangan=Bayangan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowdeshah=Nowdeshah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowsud=Nowsud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satar,_Iran=Satar, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumar,_Iran=Sumar, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhipur=Abhipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilan-e_Gharb=Gilan-e Gharb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarmast=Sarmast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahneh=Sahneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Rahan=Mian Rahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tazehabad=Tazehabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozgoleh=Ozgoleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerend-e_Gharb=Kerend-e Gharb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gahwareh=Gahwareh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qushchi=Qushchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nushin=Nushin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerd_Kashaneh=Gerd Kashaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tazeh_Shahr=Tazeh Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruq=Baruq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammadyar=Mohammadyar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simmineh=Simmineh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmudabad,_West_Azerbaijan=Mahmudabad, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keshavarz,_Iran=Keshavarz, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tark=Tark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malek_Kian=Malek Kian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khush_Rudpey=Khush Rudpey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marzikola=Marzikola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zargarmahalleh=Zargarmahalleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatab=Gatab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalil_Shahr=Khalil Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbasabad,_Mazandaran=Abbasabad, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khorramabad,_Mazandaran=Khorramabad, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketalem_and_Sadat_Shahr=Ketalem and Sadat Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farim,_Iran=Farim, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiasar=Kiasar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izadshahr=Izadshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalleh_Bast=Kalleh Bast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorkhrud=Sorkhrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barehsar=Barehsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalman=Shalman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deylaman=Deylaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaf_and_Chamkhaleh=Chaf and Chamkhaleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davudabad=Davudabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karahrud=Karahrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senjan=Senjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmahin=Farmahin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saruq,_Markazi=Saruq, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qurchi_Bashi=Qurchi Bashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowbaran=Nowbaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gharqabad=Gharqabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astaneh,_Markazi=Astaneh, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendudur=Hendudur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tureh=Tureh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamuniyeh=Mamuniyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaviyeh=Zaviyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parandak=Parandak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razeghi=Razeghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komijan=Komijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milajerd=Milajerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahdasht=Mahdasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meshkin_Dasht=Meshkin Dasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamal_Shahr=Kamal Shahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammadshahr=Mohammadshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garmdarreh=Garmdarreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshtehard=Eshtehard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asara=Asara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazneh=Bazneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahr-e_Jadid-e_Hashtgerd=Shahr-e Jadid-e Hashtgerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuhsar=Kuhsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaharbagh=Chaharbagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golsar=Golsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bumahen=Bumahen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roudehen=Roudehen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilola=Ilola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasanabad,_Rey=Hasanabad, Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahrizak=Kahrizak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baqershahr=Baqershahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fasham=Fasham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabashahr=Sabashahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vahidieh=Vahidieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghestan=Baghestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdowsieh=Ferdowsieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahedshahr=Shahedshahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safadasht=Safadasht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chahardangeh=Chahardangeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasirabad,_Tehran=Nasirabad, Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salehabad,_Tehran=Salehabad, Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharifabad,_Iran=Sharifabad, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arjomand=Arjomand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sault_Ste._Marie,_Ontario=Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushinagar=Kushinagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrissur_Metropolitan_Area=Thrissur Metropolitan Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotamobagu=Kotamobagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changsari=Changsari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samboora,_Jammu_and_Kashmir=Samboora, Jammu and Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayyampettai_(Vellore_district)=Ayyampettai (Vellore district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.Pudupatti=W.Pudupatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jharoda_Kalan=Jharoda Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taire=Taire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beitun,_Xinjiang=Beitun, Xinjiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warada=Warada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nacajuca=Nacajuca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karilopatna=Karilopatna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranoor=Piranoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Faizabad=History of Faizabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menouf=Menouf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baris,_Egypt=Baris, Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Fashn=Al Fashn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itwa_(Siddharth_Nagar)=Itwa (Siddharth Nagar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theratpally=Theratpally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zawtar_El_Charkiyeh=Zawtar El Charkiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakib=Sakib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biba,_Egypt=Biba, Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadala_Sandhuan=Wadala Sandhuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahagun_City=Sahagun City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasser,_Egypt=Nasser, Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chira_Chas=Chira Chas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bollineni_Hillside=Bollineni Hillside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asyan=Asyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohilanwali=Rohilanwali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naubatpur=Naubatpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmadabad-e_Mostowfi=Ahmadabad-e Mostowfi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muborak=Muborak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaimpur=Qaimpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southbridge,_Massachusetts=Southbridge, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badlapur,_Jaunpur=Badlapur, Jaunpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khewra=Khewra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abou_Redis=Abou Redis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Zenima=Abu Zenima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammadshahr,_South_Khorasan=Mohammadshahr, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tres_Lagunas=Tres Lagunas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabuk,_Kalinga=Tabuk, Kalinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasant_Vihar,_Dehradun=Vasant Vihar, Dehradun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasseypur=Wasseypur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahr_Jadid-e_Golbahar=Shahr Jadid-e Golbahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taraknagar=Taraknagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majhdia=Majhdia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjoo=Sanjoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_Miranda=Lo Miranda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahishi=Mahishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novi_grad_(Osijek)=Novi grad (Osijek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jug_II=Jug II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohanpur,_Punjab,_India=Mohanpur, Punjab, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paxtakor=Paxtakor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezbet_el-Borg=Ezbet el-Borg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Az_Zarqa_(Egypt)=Az Zarqa (Egypt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keene,_Kentucky=Keene, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zouk_Mosbeh=Zouk Mosbeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palin,_Arunachal_Pradesh=Palin, Arunachal Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Palin=New Palin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Abi_Saeed=Der Abi Saeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faraskur=Faraskur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exeter=Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karchana=Karchana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soraon=Soraon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bjerkaker=Bjerkaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohanabad=Kohanabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadar,_Allahabad=Sadar, Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bara,_Allahabad=Bara, Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh_Now-e_Kharaqan=Qaleh Now-e Kharaqan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devipattinam=Devipattinam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhotewodar=Bhotewodar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabab,_Iran=Shabab, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mpanda=Mpanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balavah=Balavah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilosa=Kilosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kafr_Saad=Kafr Saad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darvishabad,_Khuzestan=Darvishabad, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavmishabad,_Ahvaz=Gavmishabad, Ahvaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondamakar=Gondamakar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadiabad,_Khuzestan=Hadiabad, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khazami=Khazami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuy-e_Montazeri=Kuy-e Montazeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kut-e_Navaser=Kut-e Navaser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shariati-ye_Yek=Shariati-ye Yek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bcheale=Bcheale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eko_Atlantic=Eko Atlantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torkalaki=Torkalaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwalior_inscription_of_Mihirakula=Gwalior inscription of Mihirakula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruppuvanam=Thiruppuvanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Cumarebo=Puerto Cumarebo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Oregon=Springfield, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellikunnu=Nellikunnu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varanasi=Varanasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarestan,_Jam=Anarestan, Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurai_Tehsil=Aurai Tehsil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundawar=Mundawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siraf=Siraf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardasht,_Hormozgan=Sardasht, Hormozgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyala=Oyala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karchan,_Markazi=Karchan, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulgachia=Kulgachia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palitana=Palitana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadar,_Uttar_Pradesh=Sadar, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandhi=Bandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maraikayarpattinam=Maraikayarpattinam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padmavati_Pawaya=Padmavati Pawaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aharji=Aharji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beohari=Beohari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes,_Costa_Rica=Mercedes, Costa Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khoshkrud,_Markazi=Khoshkrud, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turrialba=Turrialba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Vicente,_Moravia=San Vicente, Moravia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajin=Ajin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achao=Achao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupnarayanpur=Rupnarayanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bihta=Bihta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Municipality_of_Celje=City Municipality of Celje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakkala=Yakkala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gairi_Pangma=Gairi Pangma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devar_Hipparagi=Devar Hipparagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barwala,_Panchkula=Barwala, Panchkula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barwala,_Hisar=Barwala, Hisar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dashtak,_Chaharmahal_and_Bakhtiari=Dashtak, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiemenguan_City=Tiemenguan City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaleshtar=Chaleshtar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naugarh=Naugarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talikoti=Talikoti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Vihar=Sonia Vihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malinau_City=Malinau City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balta,_Ukraine=Balta, Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspen_Ridge,_Saskatoon=Aspen Ridge, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaitpura_Kalan=Jaitpura Kalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sono,_Jamui=Sono, Jamui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanjavur_Municipal_Corporation=Thanjavur Municipal Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maklavan=Maklavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavani_Peth,_Pune=Bhavani Peth, Pune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidlaphadi=Sidlaphadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockingham,_Western_Australia=Rockingham, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahmapur,_Bihar=Brahmapur, Bihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Apung=Long Apung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nik_Pey=Nik Pey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simalwara=Simalwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Grove,_Missouri=Mountain Grove, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mussafah=Mussafah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devarapalem=Devarapalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banevreh=Banevreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mit_Abou_Ghaleb=Mit Abou Ghaleb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Sahil_Bahari=As Sahil Bahari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Waqf_(Egypt)=Al Waqf (Egypt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El-Reyad=El-Reyad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biyala=Biyala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qallin=Qallin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidi_Salem=Sidi Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuwwah=Fuwwah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohuslav=Bohuslav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaljawade=Kaljawade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhumku=Dhumku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhaironghati=Bhaironghati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecco_Ripley=Ecco Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Shorouk_City,_Cairo=Al Shorouk City, Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_Bay_City_Region=Swansea Bay City Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karun,_Khuzestan=Karun, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bteddine_El_Loqch=Bteddine El Loqch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogawan=Gogawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karasf=Karasf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev_City_State_Administration=Kiev City State Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Township,_Boone_County,_Missouri=Columbia Township, Boone County, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Shirqat=Al-Shirqat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dera_Ghazi_Khan_City=Dera Ghazi Khan City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horodyshche=Horodyshche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haaren_(Aachen)=Haaren (Aachen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurensberg=Laurensberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richterich=Richterich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_(Aachen)=Brand (Aachen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murgo=Murgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eilendorf_(Aachen)=Eilendorf (Aachen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aachen-Mitte=Aachen-Mitte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yalavagi=Yalavagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yalvigi=Yalvigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecatepec_de_Morelos=Ecatepec de Morelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mananwala=Mananwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryan,_East_Azerbaijan=Daryan, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary,_Kentucky=St. Mary, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatur=Qatur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurabad,_West_Azerbaijan=Zurabad, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalifan,_Mahabad=Khalifan, Mahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaiyippatti=Karaiyippatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El-Hamam=El-Hamam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Negaila=El Negaila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tup_Aghaj,_Kurdistan=Tup Aghaj, Kurdistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heirok=Heirok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahtit=Bahtit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uraman_Takht=Uraman Takht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coyote_Flats,_Texas=Coyote Flats, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sujawas=Sujawas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awerial=Awerial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alva,_Oklahoma=Alva, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasanpur_Baru=Hasanpur Baru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taliwang=Taliwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaous,_Algeria=Kaous, Algeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Carbon-Sunnyside,_Utah=East Carbon-Sunnyside, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namkhola=Namkhola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Arm,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Roberts Arm, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashiya=Kashiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paikmal=Paikmal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaur_Yamuna_City=Gaur Yamuna City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petronia_City=Petronia City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aryapuram=Aryapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demographics_of_Mitrovica=Demographics of Mitrovica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khavaran,_Tabriz=Khavaran, Tabriz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jambughoda=Jambughoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boisar=Boisar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katera=Katera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khondab,_Iran=Khondab, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harsidhi=Harsidhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jharbandh=Jharbandh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sipajhar=Sipajhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuanghe=Shuanghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netrang_City=Netrang City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuahzawl=Tuahzawl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorhat=Jorhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betasing=Betasing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damhal_Hanji_Pora=Damhal Hanji Pora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quimoh=Quimoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pahloo=Pahloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavangad,_Kozhikode=Pavangad, Kozhikode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehman_Town,_Islamabad=Rehman Town, Islamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattan=Pattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majadel=Majadel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheranmahadevi=Cheranmahadevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomakin,_New_South_Wales=Tomakin, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seutula=Seutula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jammu=Jammu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansi_Block_of_Hisar_District=Hansi Block of Hisar District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imamganj=Imamganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emu_Bay_(Tasmanian_geographic_feature)=Emu Bay (Tasmanian geographic feature)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heybridge,_Tasmania=Heybridge, Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajesultanpur=Rajesultanpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_World_City,_Jaipur=Mahindra World City, Jaipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumaria=Dumaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tari_Mangal=Tari Mangal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna_Metropolitan_Region=Patna Metropolitan Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbeville,_Georgia=Abbeville, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Caribia=Ciudad Caribia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khanpur,_Gujarat=Khanpur, Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamadan=Hamadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquin_(City)=Aquin (City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagara,_Karnataka=Sagara, Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabatieh=Nabatieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kossaybeh=Kossaybeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhana=Buhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinatowns_in_Queens=Chinatowns in Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_City_of_Milan=Metropolitan City of Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sihanoukville_(city)=Sihanoukville (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balel_Pipariya,_Gujarat_India=Balel Pipariya, Gujarat India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore=Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton-sur-Mer=Carleton-sur-Mer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dokuchaievsk=Dokuchaievsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hile=Hile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sector_62,_Noida=Sector 62, Noida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayapur=Jayapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novovolynsk=Novovolynsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verkhivtseve=Verkhivtseve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Ohio_(Downtown)=Columbus, Ohio (Downtown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shcholkine=Shcholkine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiphire,_India=Kiphire, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gagnoa=Gagnoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tashan,_Khuzestan=Tashan, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Chandigarh=New Chandigarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eniyadi=Eniyadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawayajpur=Sawayajpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rompivalasa=Rompivalasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamazirt_(city)=Tamazirt (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-Cities,_Illinois=Tri-Cities, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_City_of_Rome=Metropolitan City of Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malipura=Malipura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_City_of_Turin=Metropolitan City of Turin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yathrib,_Iraq=Yathrib, Iraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lashkar_Gwalior=Lashkar Gwalior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaporizhia_Municipality=Zaporizhia Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidi_Taifour=Sidi Taifour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korso=Korso
