http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Heathrow_Airport=London Heathrow Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_International_Airport=Los Angeles International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam_Airport_Schiphol=Amsterdam Airport Schiphol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn_Airport=Tallinn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Dulles_International_Airport=Washington Dulles International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sywell_Aerodrome=Sywell Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_International_Airport=Athens International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramstein_Air_Base=Ramstein Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viracopos_International_Airport=Viracopos International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Stansted_Airport=London Stansted Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Nuys_Airport=Van Nuys Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_International_Airport=John F. Kennedy International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_City_International_Airport=Mexico City International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croydon_Airport=Croydon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatwick_Airport=Gatwick Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tocumen_International_Airport=Tocumen International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eglin_Air_Force_Base=Eglin Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eielson_Air_Force_Base=Eielson Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tijuana_International_Airport=Tijuana International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Gaulle_Airport=Charles de Gaulle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur_International_Airport=Kuala Lumpur International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._R._Tambo_International_Airport=O. R. Tambo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwards_Air_Force_Base=Edwards Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandenberg_Air_Force_Base=Vandenberg Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beale_Air_Force_Base=Beale Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyndall_Air_Force_Base=Tyndall Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robins_Air_Force_Base=Robins Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody_Air_Force_Base=Moody Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickam_Field=Hickam Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeler_Army_Airfield=Wheeler Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Gurion_Airport=Ben Gurion Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Sky_Harbor_International_Airport=Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._I._Sawyer_Air_Force_Base=K. I. Sawyer Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offutt_Air_Force_Base=Offutt Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Air_Force_Base=Columbus Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiteman_Air_Force_Base=Whiteman Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malmstrom_Air_Force_Base=Malmstrom Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_Air_Force_Base=Cannon Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Forks_Air_Force_Base=Grand Forks Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minot_Air_Force_Base=Minot Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_International_Airport=Miami International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lihue_Airport=Lihue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McChord_Field=McChord Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairchild_Air_Force_Base=Fairchild Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide_Airport=Adelaide Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helsinki_Airport=Helsinki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jomo_Kenyatta_International_Airport=Jomo Kenyatta International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indira_Gandhi_International_Airport=Indira Gandhi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moffett_Federal_Airfield=Moffett Federal Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucson_International_Airport=Tucson International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrakesh_Menara_Airport=Marrakesh Menara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose_International_Airport=San Jose International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Kenley=RAF Kenley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bush_Intercontinental_Airport=George Bush Intercontinental Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilimanjaro_International_Airport=Kilimanjaro International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright-Patterson_Air_Force_Base=Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth_Air_Force_Base=Ellsworth Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_International_Airport=Portland International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_International_Airport=Hector International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macau_International_Airport=Macau International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_E._Rohlsen_Airport=Henry E. Rohlsen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_International_Airport=Dubai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauerfield_International_Airport=Bauerfield International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinggis_Khaan_International_Airport=Chinggis Khaan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Beatrix_International_Airport=Queen Beatrix International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedita_Airport=Mercedita Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_International_Airport=Vienna International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotoka_International_Airport=Kotoka International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad_International_Airport=Baghdad International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewanorra_International_Airport=Hewanorra International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Cortissoz_International_Airport=Ernesto Cortissoz International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm_Arlanda_Airport=Stockholm Arlanda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Lennon_Airport=Liverpool John Lennon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incheon_International_Airport=Incheon International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius_Airport=Vilnius Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Airport=Shannon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eindhoven_Airport=Eindhoven Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_International_Airport=Albany International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galway_Airport=Galway Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_International_Airport=Vancouver International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Moncton_International_Airport=Greater Moncton International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo_Airport,_Gardermoen=Oslo Airport, Gardermoen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Reagan_Washington_National_Airport=Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansai_International_Airport=Kansai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen_Airport=Copenhagen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandefjord_Airport,_Torp=Sandefjord Airport, Torp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kjeller_Airport=Kjeller Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagram_Airfield=Bagram Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavanger_Airport,_Sola=Stavanger Airport, Sola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellis_Air_Force_Base=Nellis Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luton_Airport=Luton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_International_Airport=Logan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorado_Airport=Dorado Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Luis_Ribas_Dominicci_Airport=Fernando Luis Ribas Dominicci Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_City_Airport=London City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_National_Airport=Clinton National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt_Airport=Frankfurt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministro_Pistarini_International_Airport=Ministro Pistarini International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Hare_International_Airport=O'Hare International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_International_Airport=Hong Kong International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_P._Hobby_Airport=William P. Hobby Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas/Fort_Worth_International_Airport=Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark_Liberty_International_Airport=Newark Liberty International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGuardia_Airport=LaGuardia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellington_Airport_(Texas)=Ellington Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway_International_Airport=Midway International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westchester_County_Airport=Westchester County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Island_MacArthur_Airport=Long Island MacArthur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_International_Airport=Stewart International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbushe_Airport=Blackbushe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wayne_Airport=John Wayne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_International_Airport=Oakland International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Hope_Airport=Bob Hope Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_International_Airport=San Francisco International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach_Airport=Long Beach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_International_Airport=Ontario International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxnard_Airport=Oxnard Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orly_Airport=Orly Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Station_El_Toro=Marine Corps Air Station El Toro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrews_Field=Andrews Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadows_Field_Airport=Meadows Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresno_Yosemite_International_Airport=Fresno Yosemite International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_R._Ford_International_Airport=Gerald R. Ford International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBS_International_Airport=MBS International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Hopkins_International_Airport=Cleveland Hopkins International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_International_Airport=Pittsburgh International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCarran_International_Airport=McCarran International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_International_Airport=Philadelphia International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa_International_Airport=Tampa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Station_Yuma=Marine Corps Air Station Yuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis_International_Airport=Memphis International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_International_Airport=Bradley International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_International_Airport=Orlando International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_International_Airport=San Diego International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Armstrong_New_Orleans_International_Airport=Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_International_Airport=Denver International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_International_Airport=London International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheremetyevo_International_Airport=Sheremetyevo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville_International_Airport=Louisville International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Lake_City_International_Airport=Salt Lake City International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Douglas_International_Airport=Charlotte Douglas International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu_International_Airport=Honolulu International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati/Northern_Kentucky_International_Airport=Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Airport=Eugene Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland_Airport=Auckland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hat_Yai_International_Airport=Hat Yai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Rai_International_Airport=Chiang Rai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Mai_International_Airport=Chiang Mai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Mueang_International_Airport=Don Mueang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phuket_International_Airport=Phuket International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town_International_Airport=Cape Town International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_International_Airport=Norfolk International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Airport=Sydney Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Airport=Melbourne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taoyuan_International_Airport=Taoyuan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durban_International_Airport=Durban International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_London_Airport=East London Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Airport=George Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos_Airport_(California)=San Carlos Airport (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Elizabeth_Airport=Port Elizabeth Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_International_Airport=Richmond International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Airport=Manchester Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich_Airport=Munich Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Roberts_International_Airport=Owen Roberts International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Manley_International_Airport=Norman Manley International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linate_Airport=Linate Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Caravaggio_International_Airport=Il Caravaggio International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice_Marco_Polo_Airport=Venice Marco Polo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._F._Green_Airport=T. F. Green Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya_Airfield=Nagoya Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Tak_Airport=Kai Tak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Arkansas_Regional_Airport=Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Paso_International_Airport=El Paso International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio_International_Airport=San Antonio International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albuquerque_International_Sunport=Albuquerque International Sunport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels_Airport=Brussels Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_Stanfield_International_Airport=Halifax Stanfield International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_International_Airport=Indianapolis International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Wayne_International_Airport=Fort Wayne International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Sanford_International_Airport=Orlando Sanford International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Columbus_International_Airport=Port Columbus International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuttgart_Airport=Stuttgart Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Mitchell_International_Airport=General Mitchell International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Stevens_Anchorage_International_Airport=Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Brandenburg_Airport=Berlin Brandenburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Tempelhof_Airport=Berlin Tempelhof Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Tegel_Airport=Berlin Tegel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilanesberg_International_Airport=Pilanesberg International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloemfontein_Airport=Bloemfontein Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberley_Airport=Kimberley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upington_Airport=Upington Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainesville_Regional_Airport=Gainesville Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Cariboo_Regional_Airport=South Cariboo Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Airport_(U.S.)=Glasgow Airport (U.S.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Airport=Glasgow Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Airport=Edinburgh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Prestwick_Airport=Glasgow Prestwick Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimpo_International_Airport=Gimpo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville_International_Airport=Jacksonville International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhatrapati_Shivaji_International_Airport=Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_West_International_Airport=Key West International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Florida_Regional_Airport=Northwest Florida Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Beach_International_Airport=Palm Beach International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples_Municipal_Airport=Naples Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_International_Airport=Melbourne International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pensacola_International_Airport=Pensacola International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Florida_International_Airport=Southwest Florida International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Whidbey_Island=Naval Air Station Whidbey Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallahassee_Regional_Airport=Tallahassee Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_V_International_Airport=Mohammed V International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah/Hilton_Head_International_Airport=Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolton_Field=Bolton Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Rogers_World_Airport=Will Rogers World Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsa_International_Airport=Tulsa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Niagara_International_Airport=Buffalo Niagara International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_International_Airport=Kansas City International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domodedovo_International_Airport=Domodedovo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Capital_Airport=Cherry Capital Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGhee_Tyson_Airport=McGhee Tyson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimhae_International_Airport=Gimhae International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_International_Airport=Nashville International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_B._Won_Pat_International_Airport=Antonio B. Won Pat International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Capital_International_Airport=Beijing Capital International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Airport=Birmingham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfast_International_Airport=Belfast International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva_International_Airport=Geneva International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen_Airport=Aberdeen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Airport=Southampton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.F._Wade_International_Airport=L.F. Wade International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary_International_Airport=Calgary International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cork_Airport=Cork Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Airport=Dublin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Best_Belfast_City_Airport=George Best Belfast City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asheville_Regional_Airport=Asheville Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedmont_Triad_International_Airport=Piedmont Triad International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeager_Airport=Yeager Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Metropolitan_Wayne_County_Airport=Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston_International_Airport=Charleston International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton_International_Airport=Edmonton International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrtle_Beach_International_Airport=Myrtle Beach International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_Regional_Airport=Mobile Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boise_Airport=Boise Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_Airport=Newcastle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahului_Airport=Kahului Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairbanks_International_Airport=Fairbanks International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville_International_Airport=Huntsville International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_Regional_Airport=Augusta Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_State_Airport=Augusta State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Hongqiao_International_Airport=Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai_International_Airport=Chennai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairns_Airport=Cairns Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Airport=Perth Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalamazoo/Battle_Creek_International_Airport=Kalamazoo/Battle Creek International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Dorado_International_Airport=El Dorado International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corpus_Christi_International_Airport=Corpus Christi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Husband_Amarillo_International_Airport=Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Springs_Airport=Colorado Springs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAllen-Miller_International_Airport=McAllen-Miller International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bishop_Toronto_City_Airport=Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_International_Airport=Valley International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubbock_Preston_Smith_International_Airport=Lubbock Preston Smith International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento_International_Airport=Sacramento International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spokane_International_Airport=Spokane International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misawa_Air_Base=Misawa Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baton_Rouge_Metropolitan_Airport=Baton Rouge Metropolitan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafayette_Regional_Airport=Lafayette Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Machrihanish=RAF Machrihanish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninoy_Aquino_International_Airport=Ninoy Aquino International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_International_Air_and_Space_Port=Midland International Air and Space Port
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_County_Regional_Airport=Eagle County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telluride_Regional_Airport=Telluride Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester_International_Airport=Rochester International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Rochester_International_Airport=Greater Rochester International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_International_Airport=Harrisburg International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Joint_Reserve_Base_Willow_Grove=Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Willow Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acapulco_International_Airport=Acapulco International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Brooks_Regional_Airport=Jack Brooks Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laredo_International_Airport=Laredo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei_Songshan_Airport=Taipei Songshan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ithaca_Tompkins_Regional_Airport=Ithaca Tompkins Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guadalajara_International_Airport=Guadalajara International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuoka_Airport=Fukuoka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellinikon_International_Airport=Ellinikon International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Midlands_Airport=East Midlands Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Pudong_International_Airport=Shanghai Pudong International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stornoway_Airport=Stornoway Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbeltown_Airport=Campbeltown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane_Airport=Brisbane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legazpi_Airport=Legazpi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobe_Airport=Kobe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suvarnabhumi_Airport=Suvarnabhumi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroparque_Jorge_Newbery=Aeroparque Jorge Newbery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Metropolitan_Airport=Columbia Metropolitan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bern_Airport=Bern Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Barbara_Municipal_Airport=Santa Barbara Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allama_Iqbal_International_Airport=Allama Iqbal International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benazir_Bhutto_International_Airport=Benazir Bhutto International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermosillo_International_Airport=Hermosillo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Biggin_Hill_Airport=London Biggin Hill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Southend_Airport=London Southend Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahikawa_Airport=Asahikawa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yao_Airport=Yao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Executive_Airport=Miami Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Air_Force_Base=Scott Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg_James_Armstrong_Richardson_International_Airport=Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trivandrum_International_Airport=Trivandrum International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluj_International_Airport=Cluj International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxembourg_Findel_Airport=Luxembourg Findel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm_Bromma_Airport=Stockholm Bromma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackland_Air_Force_Base=Lackland Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okadama_Airport=Okadama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_Baiyun_International_Airport_(former)=Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport (former)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakodate_Airport=Hakodate Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viru_Viru_International_Airport=Viru Viru International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Air_Base=Clark Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickenbacker_International_Airport=Rickenbacker International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanscom_Field=Hanscom Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwait_International_Airport=Kuwait International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahrain_International_Airport=Bahrain International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharjah_International_Airport=Sharjah International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Field=Boeing Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thessaloniki_International_Airport=Thessaloniki International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Khalid_International_Airport=King Khalid International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Coltishall=RAF Coltishall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Cottesmore=RAF Cottesmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Kinloss=RAF Kinloss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Lyneham=RAF Lyneham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teterboro_Airport=Teterboro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehigh_Valley_International_Airport=Lehigh Valley International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Abdul_Aziz_Shah_Airport=Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamid_Karzai_International_Airport=Hamid Karzai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_International_Airport=Abu Dhabi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Ain_International_Airport=Al Ain International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujairah_International_Airport=Fujairah International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokota_Air_Base=Yokota Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremen_Airport=Bremen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyama_Airport=Toyama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansund_Airport,_Kvernberget=Kristiansund Airport, Kvernberget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Borden=CFB Borden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kona_International_Airport=Kona International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyongyang_Sunan_International_Airport=Pyongyang Sunan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannover_Airport=Hannover Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Station_Beaufort=Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Shearwater=CFB Shearwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Station_Mayport=Naval Station Mayport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Air_Force_Base=Hill Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chofu_Airport=Chofu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon_John_G._Diefenbaker_International_Airport=Saskatoon John G. Diefenbaker International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo_International_Airport=Cairo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bishops_Court=RAF Bishops Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughlin_Air_Force_Base=Laughlin Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorabbin_Airport=Moorabbin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quad_City_International_Airport=Quad City International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer_Station=Palmer Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Maceo_Airport=Antonio Maceo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch_International_Airport=Christchurch International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Coast_Airport=Gold Coast Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Glenview=Naval Air Station Glenview
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland_West_Airport_Knock=Ireland West Airport Knock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw_Chopin_Airport=Warsaw Chopin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_F._L._Charles_Airport=George F. L. Charles Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Home_Air_Force_Base=Mountain Home Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holsworthy_Barracks=Holsworthy Barracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baden_Airpark=Baden Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Philadelphia_Airport=Northeast Philadelphia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_International_Airport=Cochin International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_O._Knight_Airport=Peter O. Knight Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groton-New_London_Airport=Groton-New London Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweed_New_Haven_Airport=Tweed New Haven Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaohsiung_International_Airport=Kaohsiung International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longreach_Airport=Longreach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruntingthorpe_Aerodrome=Bruntingthorpe Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Gan=RAF Gan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Airport=Bristol Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phnom_Penh_International_Airport=Phnom Penh International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Heliport=London Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_International_Airport=Victoria International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geelong_Airport=Geelong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manston_Airport=Manston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_International_Airport=Regina International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottetown_Airport=Charlottetown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusto_C._Sandino_International_Airport=Augusto C. Sandino International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gander_International_Airport=Gander International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praslin_Island_Airport=Praslin Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seychelles_International_Airport=Seychelles International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouagadougou_Airport=Ouagadougou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran_Imam_Khomeini_International_Airport=Tehran Imam Khomeini International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Aurora_International_Airport=La Aurora International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minot_International_Airport=Minot International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaya_Herrera_Airport=Olaya Herrera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_Airport=Avalon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juana_Azurduy_de_Padilla_International_Airport=Juana Azurduy de Padilla International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton_International_Airport=Dayton International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sloulin_Field_International_Airport=Sloulin Field International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown_Regional_Airport=Jamestown Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Forks_International_Airport=Grand Forks International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quatro_de_Fevereiro_Airport=Quatro de Fevereiro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houari_Boumediene_Airport=Houari Boumediene Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_Lake_Regional_Airport=Devils Lake Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson_Theodore_Roosevelt_Regional_Airport=Dickinson Theodore Roosevelt Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bismarck_Municipal_Airport=Bismarck Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulkovo_Airport=Pulkovo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oulu_Airport=Oulu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughlin/Bullhead_International_Airport=Laughlin/Bullhead International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keesler_Air_Force_Base=Keesler Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnborough_Airport=Farnborough Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._C._Bird_International_Airport=V. C. Bird International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_S._W._Goldson_International_Airport=Philip S. W. Goldson International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zvartnots_International_Airport=Zvartnots International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heydar_Aliyev_International_Airport=Heydar Aliyev International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osvaldo_Vieira_International_Airport=Osvaldo Vieira International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Alia_International_Airport=Queen Alia International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisbon_Portela_Airport=Lisbon Portela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojave_Air_and_Space_Port=Mojave Air and Space Port
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salgado_Filho_International_Airport=Salgado Filho International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirtland_Air_Force_Base=Kirtland Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Binghamton_Airport=Greater Binghamton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmira_Corning_Regional_Airport=Elmira Corning Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Station_Iwakuni=Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Station_Futenma=Marine Corps Air Station Futenma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thule_Air_Base=Thule Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_Al_Khaimah_International_Airport=Ras Al Khaimah International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillingham_Airfield=Dillingham Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana_Airport=Hana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaupapa_Airport=Kalaupapa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waimea-Kohala_Airport=Waimea-Kohala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanai_Airport=Lanai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molokai_Airport=Molokai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapalua_Airport=Kapalua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilo_International_Airport=Hilo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaeloa_Airport=Kalaeloa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upolu_Airport=Upolu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Executive_Airport=Orlando Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villamor_Air_Base=Villamor Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_Aachen_Airport=Maastricht Aachen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aarhus_Airport=Aarhus Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naha_Airport=Naha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobb_County_Airport=Cobb County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwinnett_County_Airport=Gwinnett County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Fallon=Naval Air Station Fallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga_International_Airport=Riga International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_Baiyun_International_Airport=Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Silverstone=RAF Silverstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover_Air_Force_Base=Dover Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Coast_Regional_Airport=Space Coast Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt_Island_Airport=Merritt Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacDill_Air_Force_Base=MacDill Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph_Air_Force_Base=Randolph Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurlburt_Field=Hurlburt Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Missile_Range_Facility=Pacific Missile Range Facility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Greenham_Common=RAF Greenham Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_B._Wheeler_Downtown_Airport=Charles B. Wheeler Downtown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netaji_Subhas_Chandra_Bose_International_Airport=Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Tangmere=RAF Tangmere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarajevo_International_Airport=Sarajevo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich_International_Airport=Norwich International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart_International_Airport=Hobart International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Abingdon=RAF Abingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launceston_Airport=Launceston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Summerside=CFB Summerside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helsinki-Malmi_Airport=Helsinki-Malmi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doha_International_Airport=Doha International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno_Stead_Airport=Reno Stead Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Brunswick=Naval Air Station Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paya_Lebar_Air_Base=Paya Lebar Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolmachevo_Airport=Tolmachevo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Aerodrome=Cambridge Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_Base_Makhado=Air Force Base Makhado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_Base_Hoedspruit=Air Force Base Hoedspruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Dishforth=RAF Dishforth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Sigonella=Naval Air Station Sigonella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vnukovo_International_Airport=Vnukovo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Bay_International_Airport=Thunder Bay International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_Base_Waterkloof=Air Force Base Waterkloof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Station_Norfolk=Naval Station Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Valcartier=CFB Valcartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ely_Airport=Ely Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyess_Air_Force_Base=Dyess Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soewondo_Air_Force_Base=Soewondo Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg_Airport=Hamburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sligo_Airport=Sligo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Airport=Kerry Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Elvington=RAF Elvington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairoaks_Airport=Fairoaks Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden_Airport=Dresden Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmdale_Regional_Airport=Palmdale Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventspils_International_Airport=Ventspils International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Derry_Airport=City of Derry Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangyang_International_Airport=Yangyang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_Air_Base=Aalborg Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Bradford_International_Airport=Leeds Bradford International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_Base_Ysterplaat=Air Force Base Ysterplaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Goose_Bay=CFB Goose Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Marines_Base_Chivenor=Royal Marines Base Chivenor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Leconfield=RAF Leconfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Gatow=RAF Gatow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McConnell_Air_Force_Base=McConnell Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barksdale_Air_Force_Base=Barksdale Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOD_St_Athan=MOD St Athan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_Airport=Sofia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varna_Airport=Varna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgas_Airport=Burgas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNAS_Lee-on-Solent_(HMS_Daedalus)=RNAS Lee-on-Solent (HMS Daedalus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Station_Miramar=Marine Corps Air Station Miramar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Wattisham=RAF Wattisham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Kai_Tak=RAF Kai Tak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Carlisle=RAF Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Station_New_River=Marine Corps Air Station New River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tengah_Air_Base=Tengah Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monbetsu_Airport=Monbetsu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Field=Pope Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Aldermaston=RAF Aldermaston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_International_Airport=Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadena_Air_Base=Kadena Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker_Air_Force_Base=Tinker Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville_Executive_at_Craig_Airport=Jacksonville Executive at Craig Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Long_Kesh=RAF Long Kesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunei_International_Airport=Brunei International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Nutts_Corner=RAF Nutts Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardufoss_Air_Station=Bardufoss Air Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Mullaghmore=RAF Mullaghmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Kirkistown=RAF Kirkistown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Weapons_Station_China_Lake=Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterey_Regional_Airport=Monterey Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_Airport=Hiroshima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagasaki_Airport=Nagasaki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne_Bonn_Airport=Cologne Bonn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Bangoy_International_Airport=Francisco Bangoy International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobbins_Air_Reserve_Base=Dobbins Air Reserve Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Pembrey=RAF Pembrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canberra_International_Airport=Canberra International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holloman_Air_Force_Base=Holloman Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Facility_Atsugi=Naval Air Facility Atsugi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_Tees_Valley_Airport=Durham Tees Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addis_Ababa_Bole_International_Airport=Addis Ababa Bole International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surat_Thani_Airport=Surat Thani Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Zama=Camp Zama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundary_Bay_Airport=Boundary Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotsford_International_Airport=Abbotsford International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_Field_(airport)=Roosevelt Field (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guernsey_Airport=Guernsey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Base_Richmond=RAAF Base Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredericton_International_Airport=Fredericton International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John_Airport=Saint John Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islay_Airport=Islay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murtala_Muhammed_International_Airport=Murtala Muhammed International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortez_Municipal_Airport=Cortez Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_West_Malling=RAF West Malling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Finningley=RAF Finningley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagoshima_Airport=Kagoshima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttonville_Municipal_Airport=Buttonville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAE_Bedford=RAE Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Airport,_Flesland=Bergen Airport, Flesland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Guru_Ram_Dass_Jee_International_Airport=Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lajes_Field=Lajes Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Air_Force_Base=Shaw Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rock_Air_Force_Base=Little Rock Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_International_Airport=Rhodes International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bruntingthorpe=RAF Bruntingthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culpeper_Regional_Airport=Culpeper Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_Airport_Doncaster_Sheffield=Robin Hood Airport Doncaster Sheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tan_Son_Nhat_International_Airport=Tan Son Nhat International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travis_Air_Force_Base=Travis Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrose_Regional_Airport=Montrose Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_State_Airport=Martin State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_Airport=Centennial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_Range_Airport=Front Range Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casement_Aerodrome=Casement Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_Base_Bloemspruit=Air Force Base Bloemspruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altus_Air_Force_Base=Altus Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Air_Force_Base=Maxwell Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheppard_Air_Force_Base=Sheppard Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nnamdi_Azikiwe_International_Airport=Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Harcourt_International_Airport=Port Harcourt International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isa_Air_Base=Isa Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Island_(Florida)=Dog Island (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Louis_Regional_Airport=St. Louis Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing_Lukou_International_Airport=Nanjing Lukou International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthorn_Radio_Station=Anthorn Radio Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Shilo=CFB Shilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown_Regional_Airport=Watertown Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary/Chicago_International_Airport=Gary/Chicago International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullerton_Municipal_Airport=Fullerton Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campo_de_Marte_Airport=Campo de Marte Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afonso_Pena_International_Airport=Afonso Pena International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Jacksonville=Naval Air Station Jacksonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Mooney_Airport=Bert Mooney Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Regional_Airport=Manhattan Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Air_Force_Base=Luke Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_M._Goldwater_Air_Force_Range=Barry M. Goldwater Air Force Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tancredo_Neves_International_Airport=Tancredo Neves International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Johnson_Air_Force_Base=Seymour Johnson Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangster_International_Airport=Sangster International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santos_Dumont_Airport=Santos Dumont Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Gomes_International_Airport=Eduardo Gomes International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easterwood_Airport=Easterwood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines_International_Airport=Des Moines International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eppley_Airfield=Eppley Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickering_Airport=Pickering Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billings_Logan_International_Airport=Billings Logan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sioux_Falls_Regional_Airport=Sioux Falls Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U-Tapao_International_Airport=U-Tapao International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokura_Airport=Kokura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dane_County_Regional_Airport=Dane County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichita_Dwight_D._Eisenhower_National_Airport=Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archerfield_Airport=Archerfield Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eastern_Iowa_Airport=The Eastern Iowa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanseria_International_Airport=Lanseria International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Region_of_Waterloo_International_Airport=Region of Waterloo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Regional_Airport=Waterloo Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moi_Air_Base=Moi Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantley_Adams_International_Airport=Grantley Adams International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_City_Airport=Plymouth City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitakyushu_Airport=Kitakyushu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeltweg_Air_Base=Zeltweg Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynden_Pindling_International_Airport=Lynden Pindling International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Monica_Airport=Santa Monica Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Airport=Cardiff Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donegal_Airport=Donegal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington_International_Airport=Wellington International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterford_Airport=Waterford Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk_National_Airport=Minsk National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exeter_International_Airport=Exeter International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eareckson_Air_Station=Eareckson Air Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entebbe_International_Airport=Entebbe International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanzarote_Airport=Lanzarote Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgrade_Nikola_Tesla_Airport=Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_Army_Airfield=Hunter Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Al_Salem_Air_Base=Ali Al Salem Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottsdale_Airport=Scottsdale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HAL_Bangalore_Airport=HAL Bangalore Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Illinois_Willard_Airport=University of Illinois Willard Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Sculthorpe=RAF Sculthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembrey_Airport=Pembrey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Hooton_Park=RAF Hooton Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothera_Research_Station=Rothera Research Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Pensacola=Naval Air Station Pensacola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Lemoore=Naval Air Station Lemoore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Filton_Airport=Bristol Filton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daegu_International_Airport=Daegu International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_George_Airport=Prince George Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Alameda=Naval Air Station Alameda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagdogra_Airport=Bagdogra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratislava_Airport=Bratislava Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianjin_Binhai_International_Airport=Tianjin Binhai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels_South_Charleroi_Airport=Brussels South Charleroi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Ferenc_Liszt_International_Airport=Budapest Ferenc Liszt International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essendon_Airport=Essendon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exeter_Airport_(United_States)=Exeter Airport (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerez_Airport=Jerez Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sde_Dov_Airport=Sde Dov Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selfridge_Air_National_Guard_Base=Selfridge Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_International_Airport=Shahjalal International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanpah_Valley_Airport=Ivanpah Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belaya_(air_base)=Belaya (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Francisco_Javier_Mina_International_Airport=General Francisco Javier Mina International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_International_Airport=Monterrey International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plan_de_Guadalupe_International_Airport=Plan de Guadalupe International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atarot_Airport=Atarot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coulter_Field=Coulter Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juhu_Aerodrome=Juhu Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incirlik_Air_Base=Incirlik Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington_International_Airport=Burlington International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinmen_Airport=Kinmen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsu_Nangan_Airport=Matsu Nangan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsu_Beigan_Airport=Matsu Beigan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shek_Kong_Airfield=Shek Kong Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Abdulaziz_International_Airport=King Abdulaziz International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_International_Airport=Bishop International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadhorse_Airport=Deadhorse Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Gagetown=CFB Gagetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Suffield=CFB Suffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Region_International_Airport=Capital Region International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_News/Williamsburg_International_Airport=Newport News/Williamsburg International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalian_Zhoushuizi_International_Airport=Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osan_Air_Base=Osan Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sault_Ste._Marie_Airport=Sault Ste. Marie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bay/Jack_Garland_Airport=North Bay/Jack Garland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa/Rockcliffe_Airport=Ottawa/Rockcliffe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carp_Airport=Carp Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiths_Falls-Montague_Airport=Smiths Falls-Montague Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatineau-Ottawa_Executive_Airport=Gatineau-Ottawa Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnprior/South_Renfrew_Municipal_Airport=Arnprior/South Renfrew Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudbury_Airport=Sudbury Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_Bao'an_International_Airport=Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalamata_International_Airport=Kalamata International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_County_Airport=Allegheny County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterborough_Airport=Peterborough Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembroke_Airport=Pembroke Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Sound_Billy_Bishop_Regional_Airport=Owen Sound Billy Bishop Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshawa_Airport=Oshawa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_Municipal_Airport=Stratford Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earlton_(Timiskaming_Regional)_Airport=Earlton (Timiskaming Regional) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brockville_Regional_Tackaberry_Airport=Brockville Regional Tackaberry Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall_Regional_Airport=Cornwall Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrisburg_Airport=Morrisburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adnan_Menderes_Airport=Adnan Menderes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andersen_Air_Force_Base=Andersen Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviano_Air_Base=Aviano Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Lake_Municipal_Airport=Elliot Lake Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Munro_Hamilton_International_Airport=John C. Munro Hamilton International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_E._King_Airport=Cyril E. King Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee_County_Airport_(Georgia)=Cherokee County Airport (Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon_County_Airport=Macon County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katowice_International_Airport=Katowice International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downsview_Airport=Downsview Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brampton_Airport=Brampton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington_Air_Park=Burlington Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Base_Williamtown=RAAF Base Williamtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_International_Airport=Bangor International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bykovo_Airport=Bykovo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Airport=Republic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex_County_Airport=Essex County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Park_Airport=Lincoln Park Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morristown_Municipal_Airport=Morristown Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lachute_Airport=Lachute Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Georges_Aerodrome=Saint-Georges Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Jean_Airport=Saint-Jean Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radin_Inten_II_Airport=Radin Inten II Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penang_International_Airport=Penang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikkeli_Airport=Mikkeli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jandakot_Airport=Jandakot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calicut_International_Airport=Calicut International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Upper_Heyford=RAF Upper Heyford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Falls_International_Airport=Great Falls International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graz_Airport=Graz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_International_Airport=Windsor International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mataveri_International_Airport=Mataveri International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutchess_County_Airport=Dutchess County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angling_Lake/Wapekeka_Airport=Angling Lake/Wapekeka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atikokan_Municipal_Airport=Atikokan Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Simcoe_Regional_Airport=Lake Simcoe Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_River_Airport=Bar River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duluth_International_Airport=Duluth International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Grass_Airport=Blue Grass Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Airport=Maple Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watsonville_Municipal_Airport=Watsonville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dortmund_Airport=Dortmund Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_North_Luffenham=RAF North Luffenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paine_Field=Paine Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-Cities_Airport_(Washington)=Tri-Cities Airport (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Pounds_Regional_Airport=Tyler Pounds Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turku_Airport=Turku Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Straubel_International_Airport=Austin Straubel International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Hole_Airport=Jackson Hole Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_Roads_Naval_Station=Roosevelt Roads Naval Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton_County_Airport_(Georgia)=Fulton County Airport (Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Field_Municipal_Airport=Brown Field Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linden_Airport=Linden Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox_County_Regional_Airport=Knox County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Maine_Regional_Airport_at_Presque_Isle=Northern Maine Regional Airport at Presque Isle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylt_Airport=Sylt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenerife_North_Airport=Tenerife North Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Mepal=RAF Mepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kars/Rideau_Valley_Air_Park=Kars/Rideau Valley Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa/Embrun_Aerodrome=Ottawa/Embrun Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester_Airport=Winchester Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_Place_Airport=Carleton Place Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendleton_Airport=Pendleton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterey_Bay_Academy_Airport=Monterey Bay Academy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheongju_International_Airport=Cheongju International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwangju_Airport=Gwangju Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeju_International_Airport=Jeju International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg_Airport=Nuremberg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koltsovo_Airport=Koltsovo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenyang_Taoxian_International_Airport=Shenyang Taoxian International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Patuxent_River=Naval Air Station Patuxent River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelowna_International_Airport=Kelowna International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Juliana_International_Airport=Princess Juliana International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Andover=RAF Andover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playa_de_Oro_International_Airport=Playa de Oro International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Cabos_International_Airport=Los Cabos International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapuskasing_Airport=Kapuskasing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta_International_Airport=Malta International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary/Springbank_Airport=Calgary/Springbank Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Municipal_Airport_(Maryland)=Frederick Municipal Airport (Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckley_Air_Force_Base=Buckley Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston_Field=Charleston Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Bernardino_International_Airport=San Bernardino International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin_International_Airport=Darwin International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_Municipal_Airport_(Ontario)=St. Thomas Municipal Airport (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans_Lakefront_Airport=New Orleans Lakefront Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_International_Airport=Hamilton International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billund_Airport=Billund Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changsha_Huanghua_International_Airport=Changsha Huanghua International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkes-Barre/Scranton_International_Airport=Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunsan_Air_Base=Kunsan Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethbridge_Airport=Lethbridge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iqaluit_Airport=Iqaluit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_International_Airport=St. John's International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowknife_Airport=Yellowknife Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Nielsen_Whitehorse_International_Airport=Erik Nielsen Whitehorse International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Airport=Nottingham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Air_Force_Base=Arnold Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Triangle_Regional_Airport=Golden Triangle Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McNary_Field=McNary Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langley_Regional_Airport=Langley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Forces_Station_Ladner=Canadian Forces Station Ladner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul_Downtown_Airport=St. Paul Downtown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bournemouth_Airport=Bournemouth Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seletar_Airport=Seletar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngurah_Rai_International_Airport=Ngurah Rai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_Airport=Swansea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Lucius_D._Clay_National_Guard_Center=General Lucius D. Clay National Guard Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Creek_Airport=Beaver Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faro_Airport_(Yukon)=Faro Airport (Yukon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_City_Airport=Dawson City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teslin_Airport=Teslin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayo_Airport=Mayo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burwash_Airport=Burwash Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Crow_Airport=Old Crow Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_Lake_Airport=Watson Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alert_Airport=Alert Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Lake_Airport=Baker Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Dorset_Airport=Cape Dorset Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Bay_Airport=Cambridge Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_River_Airport=Clyde River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arviat_Airport=Arviat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Harbour_Airport=Coral Harbour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_Aerodrome=Eureka Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gjoa_Haven_Airport=Gjoa Haven Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Beach_Airport=Hall Beach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McEntire_Joint_National_Guard_Base=McEntire Joint National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock_County-Bar_Harbor_Airport=Hancock County-Bar Harbor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eilat_Airport=Eilat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haifa_Airport=Haifa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kugaaruk_Airport=Kugaaruk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kugluktuk_Airport=Kugluktuk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupin_Airport=Lupin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pond_Inlet_Airport=Pond Inlet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanisivik_Airport=Nanisivik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qikiqtarjuaq_Airport=Qikiqtarjuaq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repulse_Bay_Airport=Repulse Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rankin_Inlet_Airport=Rankin Inlet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resolute_Bay_Airport=Resolute Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanikiluaq_Airport=Sanikiluaq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taloyoak_Airport=Taloyoak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundee_Airport=Dundee Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weeze_Airport=Weeze Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inverness_Airport=Inverness Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humberside_Airport=Humberside Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Sarabia_International_Airport=Francisco Sarabia International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Rafael_Buelna_International_Airport=General Rafael Buelna International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Roberto_Fierro_Villalobos_International_Airport=General Roberto Fierro Villalobos International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timmins/Victor_M._Power_Airport=Timmins/Victor M. Power Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_Metropolitan_Airport=Rocky Mountain Metropolitan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Leobardo_C._Ruiz_International_Airport=General Leobardo C. Ruiz International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oradea_International_Airport=Oradea International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehrabad_International_Airport=Mehrabad International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNZAF_Base_Auckland=RNZAF Base Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNZAF_Base_Ohakea=RNZAF Base Ohakea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Francisco_J._Mujica_International_Airport=General Francisco J. Mujica International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Bay_Airport=Arctic Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grise_Fiord_Airport=Grise Fiord Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesterfield_Inlet_Airport=Chesterfield Inlet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igloolik_Airport=Igloolik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimmirut_Airport=Kimmirut Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangnirtung_Airport=Pangnirtung Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanquary_Fiord_Airport=Tanquary Fiord Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whale_Cove_Airport=Whale Cove Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerside_Airport=Summerside Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cable_Head_Airpark=Cable Head Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_River_Airport=Grand River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartierville_Airport=Cartierville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Springs_International_Airport=Palm Springs International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inyokern_Airport=Inyokern Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Norte_County_Airport=Del Norte County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcata-Eureka_Airport=Arcata-Eureka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_Municipal_Airport=Chico Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_County_Airport=Imperial County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visalia_Municipal_Airport=Visalia Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redding_Municipal_Airport=Redding Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Luis_Obispo_County_Regional_Airport=San Luis Obispo County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria_Public_Airport=Santa Maria Public Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evansville_Regional_Airport=Evansville Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gran_Canaria_Airport=Gran Canaria Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_International_Airport=Clark International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton/Woodley_Airport=Compton/Woodley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_William_J._Fox_Airfield=General William J. Fox Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Greenwood=CFB Greenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhengzhou_Xinzheng_International_Airport=Zhengzhou Xinzheng International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creech_Air_Force_Base=Creech Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubuque_Regional_Airport=Dubuque Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Pearson_International_Airport=Toronto Pearson International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elko_Regional_Airport=Elko Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merced_Regional_Airport=Merced Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stapleford_Aerodrome=Stapleford Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosland_Moor_Airfield=Crosland Moor Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumburgh_Airport=Sumburgh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkwall_Airport=Kirkwall Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worland_Municipal_Airport=Worland Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheyenne_Regional_Airport=Cheyenne Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laramie_Regional_Airport=Laramie Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverton_Regional_Airport=Riverton Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan_County_Airport=Sheridan County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okayama_Airport=Okayama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sendai_Airport=Sendai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bedford_Regional_Airport=New Bedford Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Woomera_Airfield=RAAF Woomera Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muharraq_Airfield=Muharraq Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackpool_International_Airport=Blackpool International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debrecen_International_Airport=Debrecen International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventry_Airport=Coventry Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibraltar_International_Airport=Gibraltar International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senai_International_Airport=Senai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chattanooga_Metropolitan_Airport=Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Oregon_Regional_Airport=Eastern Oregon Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Oregon_Regional_Airport=Southwest Oregon Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klamath_Falls_Airport=Klamath Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_City_Regional_Airport=Cedar City Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Airport=Oxford Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waco_Regional_Airport=Waco Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collegedale_Municipal_Airport=Collegedale Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponciano_Arriaga_International_Airport=Ponciano Arriaga International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Station_Argentia=Naval Station Argentia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Nebraska_Regional_Airport=Central Nebraska Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kearney_Regional_Airport=Kearney Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCook_Ben_Nelson_Regional_Airport=McCook Ben Nelson Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Platte_Regional_Airport=North Platte Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Nebraska_Regional_Airport=Western Nebraska Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chadron_Municipal_Airport=Chadron Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Municipal_Airport=Alliance Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Regional_Airport=Pierre Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_City_Regional_Airport=Rapid City Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookings_Regional_Airport=Brookings Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_Regional_Airport=Huron Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo_Express_Airport=Toledo Express Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Engineering_Station_Lakehurst=Naval Air Engineering Station Lakehurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Las_Vegas_Airport=North Las Vegas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Guadalupe_Victoria_International_Airport=General Guadalupe Victoria International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_del_Carmen_International_Airport=Ciudad del Carmen International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho_Falls_Regional_Airport=Idaho Falls Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocatello_Regional_Airport=Pocatello Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedman_Memorial_Airport=Friedman Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Valley_Regional_Airport=Magic Valley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cozumel_International_Airport=Cozumel International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester_Regional_Airport=Worcester Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCreary_County_Airport=McCreary County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Heriberto_Jara_International_Airport=General Heriberto Jara International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo_International_Airport=Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Lucio_Blanco_International_Airport=General Lucio Blanco International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Servando_Canales_International_Airport=General Servando Canales International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_City_International_Airport=Atlantic City International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chetumal_International_Airport=Chetumal International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapachula_International_Airport=Tapachula International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puebla_International_Airport=Puebla International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toluca_International_Airport=Toluca International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Mariano_Matamoros_Airport=General Mariano Matamoros Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Lencero_Airport=El Lencero Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Corners_Regional_Airport=Four Corners Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roswell_International_Air_Center=Roswell International Air Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavern_City_Air_Terminal=Cavern City Air Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Municipal_Airport=Santa Fe Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_County_Airport_(New_Mexico)=Grant County Airport (New Mexico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clovis_Municipal_Airport=Clovis Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lea_County_Regional_Airport=Lea County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_Municipal_Airport=Page Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Low_Regional_Airport=Show Low Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingman_Airport_(Arizona)=Kingman Airport (Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_A._Love_Field=Ernest A. Love Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Vista_Municipal_Airport=Sierra Vista Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Havasu_City_Airport=Lake Havasu City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuma_International_Airport=Yuma International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flagstaff_Pulliam_Airport=Flagstaff Pulliam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiteman_Airport=Whiteman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N'djili_Airport=N'djili Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_Downtown_Airport=Mobile Downtown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Norte_International_Airport=Del Norte International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_County_Airport_(Georgia)=Henry County Airport (Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Base_East_Sale=RAAF Base East Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Worth_Meacham_International_Airport=Fort Worth Meacham International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Mariscal_Sucre_International_Airport=Old Mariscal Sucre International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Fahd_International_Airport=King Fahd International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvio_Pettirossi_International_Airport=Silvio Pettirossi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Kootenay_Regional_Airport=West Kootenay Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranbrook/Canadian_Rockies_International_Airport=Cranbrook/Canadian Rockies International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamloops_Airport=Kamloops Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whangarei_Airport=Whangarei Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bender_Qassim_International_Airport=Bender Qassim International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rand_Airport=Rand Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Fellini_International_Airport=Federico Fellini International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansand_Airport,_Kjevik=Kristiansand Airport, Kjevik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Cloud_Regional_Airport=St. Cloud Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Run_Airport=Willow Run Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County_Airport_(New_York)=Orange County Airport (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam_The_Hague_Airport=Rotterdam The Hague Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isfahan_International_Airport=Isfahan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avord_Air_Base=Avord Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salon-de-Provence_Air_Base=Salon-de-Provence Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Junction_Regional_Airport=Grand Junction Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penticton_Regional_Airport=Penticton Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_St._John_Airport=Fort St. John Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pueblo_Memorial_Airport=Pueblo Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yampa_Valley_Airport=Yampa Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Luis_Valley_Regional_Airport=San Luis Valley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piney_Pinecreek_Border_Airport=Piney Pinecreek Border Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponca_City_Regional_Airport=Ponca City Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_City_Regional_Airport=Dodge City Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_City_Regional_Airport=Garden City Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Bend_Municipal_Airport=Great Bend Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hays_Regional_Airport=Hays Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Mid-America_Regional_Airport=Liberal Mid-America Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salina_Municipal_Airport=Salina Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wittman_Regional_Airport=Wittman Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Girardeau_Regional_Airport=Cape Girardeau Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Regional_Airport=Columbia Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joplin_Regional_Airport=Joplin Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirksville_Regional_Airport=Kirksville Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waynesville-St._Robert_Regional_Airport=Waynesville-St. Robert Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowman_Field_(airport)=Bowman Field (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen_Regional_Airport=Aberdeen Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengdu_Shuangliu_International_Airport=Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_Iowa_Regional_Airport=Southeast Iowa Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Dodge_Regional_Airport=Fort Dodge Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_City_Municipal_Airport=Mason City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bemidji_Regional_Airport=Bemidji Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainerd_Lakes_Regional_Airport=Brainerd Lakes Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Range_Regional_Airport=Range Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_International_Airport=Falls International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thief_River_Falls_Regional_Airport=Thief River Falls Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiyura_Airport=Aiyura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takamatsu_Airport=Takamatsu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon_Municipal_Airport_(New_Hampshire)=Lebanon Municipal Airport (New Hampshire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Smith_Regional_Airport=Fort Smith Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boone_County_Airport_(Arkansas)=Boone County Airport (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Field_Airport=Memorial Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonesboro_Municipal_Airport=Jonesboro Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Arkansas_Regional_Airport_at_Goodwin_Field=South Arkansas Regional Airport at Goodwin Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texarkana_Regional_Airport=Texarkana Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barra_Airport_(Scotland)=Barra Airport (Scotland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melton_Airfield=Melton Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantes_Atlantique_Airport=Nantes Atlantique Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkley_Regional_Airport=Barkley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid_Delta_Regional_Airport=Mid Delta Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Air_Force_Base=Patrick Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vance_Air_Force_Base=Vance Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juneau_International_Airport=Juneau International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Land_Regional_Airport=Sugar Land Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloucestershire_Airport=Gloucestershire Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spangdahlem_Air_Base=Spangdahlem Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria_International_Airport_(Louisiana)=Alexandria International Airport (Louisiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_Regional_Airport_(Louisiana)=Monroe Regional Airport (Louisiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shreveport_Regional_Airport=Shreveport Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_City_Airport=Sheffield City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Aji_Muhammad_Sulaiman_Airport=Sultan Aji Muhammad Sulaiman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lelystad_Airport=Lelystad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groningen_Airport_Eelde=Groningen Airport Eelde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karshi-Khanabad_Air_Base=Karshi-Khanabad Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankstown_Airport=Bankstown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurel_Vlaicu_International_Airport=Aurel Vlaicu International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bozeman_Yellowstone_International_Airport=Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Airport=Cambridge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siem_Reap_International_Airport=Siem Reap International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowstone_Airport=Yellowstone Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houghton_County_Memorial_Airport=Houghton County Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Angelo_Regional_Airport=San Angelo Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adisucipto_International_Airport=Adisucipto International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glacier_Park_International_Airport=Glacier Park International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adirondack_Regional_Airport=Adirondack Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Comox=CFB Comox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chippewa_Valley_Regional_Airport=Chippewa Valley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narrandera_Airport=Narrandera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_North_Island=Naval Air Station North Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayers_Rock_Airport=Ayers Rock Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enschede_Airport_Twente=Enschede Airport Twente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begumpet_Airport=Begumpet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dothan_Regional_Airport=Dothan Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_Regional_Airport=Montgomery Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Alabama_Regional_Airport=Northwest Alabama Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulcea_Airport=Tulcea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arad_International_Airport=Arad International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craiova_Airport=Craiova Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCAF_Station_Grostenquin=RCAF Station Grostenquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon_National_Park_Airport=Grand Canyon National Park Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicester_Airfield=Bicester Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford_Regional_Airport=Bradford Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Ternhill=RAF Ternhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Gaydon=RAF Gaydon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biju_Patnaik_International_Airport=Biju Patnaik International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Georgia_Regional_Airport=Southwest Georgia Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Ben_Epps_Airport=Athens Ben Epps Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunswick_Golden_Isles_Airport=Brunswick Golden Isles Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Metropolitan_Airport_(Georgia)=Columbus Metropolitan Airport (Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Georgia_Regional_Airport=Middle Georgia Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valdosta_Regional_Airport=Valdosta Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_International_Airport=Erie International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Municipal_Airport=Brandon Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Bradshaw_International_Airport=Robert L. Bradshaw International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmington_International_Airport=Wilmington International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth_International_Airport_at_Pease=Portsmouth International Airport at Pease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Adolf_Pengel_International_Airport=Johan Adolf Pengel International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raleigh_County_Memorial_Airport=Raleigh County Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_West_Virginia_Airport=North Central West Virginia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-State_Airport=Tri-State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbrier_Valley_Airport=Greenbrier Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer_County_Airport_(West_Virginia)=Mercer County Airport (West Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgantown_Municipal_Airport=Morgantown Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-Ohio_Valley_Regional_Airport=Mid-Ohio Valley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraklion_International_Airport=Heraklion International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Regional_Airport=Florence Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilton_Head_Airport=Hilton Head Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copalis_State_Airport=Copalis State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flamingo_International_Airport=Flamingo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayetteville_Regional_Airport=Fayetteville Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory_Regional_Airport=Hickory Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_J._Ellis_Airport=Albert J. Ellis Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinston_Regional_Jetport=Kinston Regional Jetport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuuk_Airport=Nuuk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sioux_Gateway_Airport=Sioux Gateway Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona_Villafranca_Airport=Verona Villafranca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treviso_Airport=Treviso Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Airport_(Nebraska)=Lincoln Airport (Nebraska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venango_Regional_Airport=Venango Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamsport_Regional_Airport=Williamsport Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Park_Airport=University Park Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown_International_Airport=Watertown International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman_A._Young_International_Airport=Coleman A. Young International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantucket_Memorial_Airport=Nantucket Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynchburg_Regional_Airport=Lynchburg Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenandoah_Valley_Regional_Airport=Shenandoah Valley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_State_Airport_(Rhode_Island)=Newport State Airport (Rhode Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palonegro_International_Airport=Palonegro International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilo_Daza_International_Airport=Camilo Daza International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishigaki_Airport=Ishigaki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Ishigaki_Airport=New Ishigaki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuBois_Regional_Airport=DuBois Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Airport_(Pennsylvania)=Lancaster Airport (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Palmer_Regional_Airport=Arnold Palmer Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basra_International_Airport=Basra International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-Cities_Regional_Airport=Tri-Cities Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subic_Bay_International_Airport=Subic Bay International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akutan_Seaplane_Base=Akutan Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearls_Airport=Pearls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketchikan_International_Airport=Ketchikan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrangell_Airport=Wrangell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petersburg_James_A._Johnson_Airport=Petersburg James A. Johnson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitka_Rocky_Gutierrez_Airport=Sitka Rocky Gutierrez Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakutat_Airport=Yakutat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merle_K._(Mudhole)_Smith_Airport=Merle K. (Mudhole) Smith Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Community_Airport=Dawson Community Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Regional_Airport=Helena Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewistown_Municipal_Airport=Lewistown Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_City_Airport=Miles City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missoula_International_Airport=Missoula International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._M._Clayton_Airport=L. M. Clayton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiel_Airport=Kiel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_Falls_International_Airport=Niagara Falls International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Bahama_International_Airport=Grand Bahama International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daytona_Beach_International_Airport=Daytona Beach International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salinas_Municipal_Airport=Salinas Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrasco_International_Airport=Carrasco International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Rockford_International_Airport=Chicago Rockford International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjul_International_Airport=Banjul International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribhuvan_International_Airport=Tribhuvan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Field_Annex=Kelly Field Annex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy_Regional_Airport=Quincy Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamson_County_Regional_Airport=Williamson County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owensboro-Daviess_County_Regional_Airport=Owensboro-Daviess County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faro_Airport=Faro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Trenton=CFB Trenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maribor_Edvard_Rusjan_Airport=Maribor Edvard Rusjan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukue_Airport=Fukue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellingham_International_Airport=Bellingham International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_County_International_Airport=Grant County International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla_Regional_Airport=Walla Walla Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakima_Air_Terminal=Yakima Air Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juancho_E._Yrausquin_Airport=Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulukhaktok/Holman_Airport=Ulukhaktok/Holman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Oceana=Naval Air Station Oceana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massena_International_Airport=Massena International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogdensburg_International_Airport=Ogdensburg International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chautauqua_County-Jamestown_Airport=Chautauqua County-Jamestown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Grand_Rapids_Airport=Little Grand Rapids Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exuma_International_Airport=Exuma International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newquay_Cornwall_Airport=Newquay Cornwall Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden-Hinckley_Airport=Ogden-Hinckley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Valley_Regional_Airport=South Valley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provo_Municipal_Airport=Provo Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan-Cache_Airport=Logan-Cache Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Hornchurch=RAF Hornchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibrahim_Nasir_International_Airport=Ibrahim Nasir International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adak_Airport=Adak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethel_Airport=Bethel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_International_Airport=Yangon International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_County_Airport=Delta County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Cana_International_Airport=Punta Cana International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Dhafra_Air_Base=Al Dhafra Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pristina_International_Airport=Pristina International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Baker Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Cambridge Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Alto_International_Airport=El Alto International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundo_Maya_International_Airport=Mundo Maya International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoreham_Airport=Shoreham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eloy_Alfaro_International_Airport=Eloy Alfaro International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outagamie_County_Regional_Airport=Outagamie County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Crosse_Regional_Airport=La Crosse Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Wisconsin_Airport=Central Wisconsin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shah_Amanat_International_Airport=Shah Amanat International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barisal_Airport=Barisal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Wayne_A._Downing_Peoria_International_Airport=General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupelo_Regional_Airport=Tupelo Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_Regional_Airport=Meridian Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gray_Army_Airfield=Robert Gray Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Mohammad_bin_Abdulaziz_Airport=Prince Mohammad bin Abdulaziz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soto_Cano_Air_Base=Soto Cano Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiraz_International_Airport=Shiraz International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa_Cristoforo_Colombo_Airport=Genoa Cristoforo Colombo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusto_Severo_International_Airport=Augusto Severo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiley's_Seaplane_Port=Wiley's Seaplane Port
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Napoleon_Raymond_Robinson_International_Airport=Arthur Napoleon Raymond Robinson International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Gliding_Club=London Gliding Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diavik_Airport=Diavik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tungsten_(Cantung)_Airport=Tungsten (Cantung) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hay_River/Brabant_Lodge_Water_Aerodrome=Hay River/Brabant Lodge Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutselk'e_Water_Aerodrome=Lutselk'e Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colville_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Colville Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colville_Lake/Tommy_Kochon_Aerodrome=Colville Lake/Tommy Kochon Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuvik/Shell_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Inuvik/Shell Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hay_River_Water_Aerodrome=Hay River Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taltheilei_Narrows_Water_Aerodrome=Taltheilei Narrows Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Ford Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trout_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Trout Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namushka_Lodge_Water_Aerodrome=Namushka Lodge Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowknife_Water_Aerodrome=Yellowknife Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Bear_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Great Bear Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Red_River_Water_Aerodrome=Arctic Red River Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aklavik_Water_Aerodrome=Aklavik Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Marie_River_Airport=Jean Marie River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McPherson_Water_Aerodrome=Fort McPherson Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Wells_Water_Aerodrome=Norman Wells Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trout_Lake_Airport_(Northwest_Territories)=Trout Lake Airport (Northwest Territories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Simpson_Island_Airport=Fort Simpson Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulatuk_Water_Aerodrome=Paulatuk Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snare_River_Airport=Snare River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahanni_Butte_Water_Aerodrome=Nahanni Butte Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Simpson_Island_Water_Aerodrome=Fort Simpson Island Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Providence_Water_Aerodrome=Fort Providence Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taltheilei_Narrows_Airport=Taltheilei Narrows Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Falls_Water_Aerodrome=Virginia Falls Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taltson_River_Airport=Taltson River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Bear_Lake_Airport=Great Bear Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasba_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Kasba Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Reliance_Water_Aerodrome=Fort Reliance Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colomac_Airport=Colomac Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obre_Lake/North_of_Sixty_Airport=Obre Lake/North of Sixty Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rae/Edzo_Airport=Rae/Edzo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obre_Lake/North_of_Sixty_Water_Aerodrome=Obre Lake/North of Sixty Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Resolution_Airport=Fort Resolution Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Simpson_Airport=Fort Simpson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuvik_(Mike_Zubko)_Airport=Inuvik (Mike Zubko) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hay_River/Merlyn_Carter_Airport=Hay River/Merlyn Carter Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Liard_Airport=Fort Liard Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Providence_Airport=Fort Providence Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutselk'e_Airport=Lutselk'e Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Good_Hope_Airport=Fort Good Hope Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aklavik/Freddie_Carmichael_Airport=Aklavik/Freddie Carmichael Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekati_Airport=Ekati Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulatuk_(Nora_Aliqatchialuk_Ruben)_Airport=Paulatuk (Nora Aliqatchialuk Ruben) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Smith_Airport=Fort Smith Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachs_Harbour_(David_Nasogaluak_Jr._Saaryuaq)_Airport=Sachs Harbour (David Nasogaluak Jr. Saaryuaq) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrigley_Airport=Wrigley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McPherson_Airport=Fort McPherson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuktoyaktuk/James_Gruben_Airport=Tuktoyaktuk/James Gruben Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Wells_Airport=Norman Wells Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahanni_Butte_Airport=Nahanni Butte Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Bay_Airport=Ford Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulita_Airport=Tulita Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_Creek_Airport=Prairie Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Catterick=RAF Catterick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manistee_County_Blacker_Airport=Manistee County Blacker Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskegon_County_Airport=Muskegon County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pellston_Regional_Airport=Pellston Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chippewa_County_International_Airport=Chippewa County International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leicester_Airport=Leicester Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Leicester_East=RAF Leicester East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Kirknewton=RAF Kirknewton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Kirmington=RAF Kirmington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townsville_Airport=Townsville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abilene_Regional_Airport=Abilene Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Rio_International_Airport=Del Rio International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Regional_Airport=Victoria Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venustiano_Carranza_International_Airport=Venustiano Carranza International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Swinderby=RAF Swinderby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoover_Field=Hoover Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosea_Kutako_International_Airport=Hosea Kutako International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olsztyn-Mazury_Regional_Airport=Olsztyn-Mazury Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bydgoszcz_Ignacy_Jan_Paderewski_Airport=Bydgoszcz Ignacy Jan Paderewski Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lok_Nayak_Jayaprakash_Airport=Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Meridian=Naval Air Station Meridian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsville/South_Padre_Island_International_Airport=Brownsville/South Padre Island International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Texas_Regional_Airport=East Texas Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichita_Falls_Municipal_Airport=Wichita Falls Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongjin_Airport=Chongjin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitiga_International_Airport=Mitiga International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_Man_Airport=Isle of Man Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephenville_International_Airport=Stephenville International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Reynolds_Airport=Smith Reynolds Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Lake_Regional_Airport=Deer Lake Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwood_Municipal_Airport=Rockwood Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Lake_Airport=Deer Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_Regional_Airport=Reading Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Burke_Lakefront_Airport=Cleveland Burke Lakefront Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Base_Darwin=RAAF Base Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trout_Lake_Airport_(Alberta)=Trout Lake Airport (Alberta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bishop_Toronto_City_Water_Aerodrome=Billy Bishop Toronto City Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnprior_Water_Aerodrome=Arnprior Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa/Gatineau_Water_Aerodrome=Ottawa/Gatineau Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Coast_Airport=Sunshine Coast Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Base_Pearce=RAAF Base Pearce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Wainwright=CFB Wainwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenerife_South_Airport=Tenerife South Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinal_Airpark=Pinal Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmacks_Airport=Carmacks Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcross_Water_Aerodrome=Carcross Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braeburn_Airport=Braeburn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman_Aerodrome=Chapman Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcross_Airport=Carcross Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faro/Johnson_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Faro/Johnson Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiley_Aerodrome=Wiley Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_City_Water_Aerodrome=Dawson City Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finlayson_Lake_Airport=Finlayson Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Biche_River_Airport=La Biche River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haines_Junction_Airport=Haines Junction Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyland_Airport=Hyland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haines_Junction/Pine_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Haines Junction/Pine Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogilvie_Aerodrome=Ogilvie Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macmillan_Pass_Airport=Macmillan Pass Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McQuesten_Airport=McQuesten Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelly_Crossing_Airport=Pelly Crossing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Lake_Aerodrome=Pine Lake Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_City_Airport=Silver City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_River_Airport=Ross River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teslin_Water_Aerodrome=Teslin Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tincup_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Tincup Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehorse/Cousins_Airport=Whitehorse/Cousins Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Watson Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Creeks_Airport=Twin Creeks Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Airport_&_Heliport=City Airport & Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adisumarmo_International_Airport=Adisumarmo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Kuala_Lumpur=RAF Kuala Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Folkingham=RAF Folkingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiksi_Airport=Tiksi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandaranaike_International_Airport=Bandaranaike International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Stanley_Airport=Port Stanley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsay_Keh_Airport=Tsay Keh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushing_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Cushing Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinton/Entrance_Airport=Hinton/Entrance Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killarney_Airport=Killarney Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baie-Comeau_Airport=Baie-Comeau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_du_Bonnet_Airport=Lac du Bonnet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Thai_Air_Base_Nam_Phong=Royal Thai Air Base Nam Phong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_River_Airport=Campbell River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collingwood_Airport=Collingwood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McMurray_International_Airport=Fort McMurray International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grande_Prairie_Airport=Grande Prairie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathurst_Airport_(New_Brunswick)=Bathurst Airport (New Brunswick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Brook_Airport=Boston Brook Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Aerodrome=Bristol Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brockway_Airport=Brockway Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlo_Airport=Charlo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weyman_Airpark=Weyman Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_Airport_(New_Brunswick)=Woodstock Airport (New Brunswick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Quentin_Aerodrome=Saint-Quentin Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_Aerodrome=Sussex Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Stephen_Airport=St. Stephen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shediac_Bridge_Aerodrome=Shediac Bridge Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokemouche_Airport=Pokemouche Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottsfield_Aerodrome=Scottsfield Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevogle_Airport=Sevogle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juniper_Airport=Juniper Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moncton/McEwen_Aerodrome=Moncton/McEwen Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miramichi_Airport=Miramichi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Manan_Airport=Grand Manan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havelock_Airport=Havelock Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Falls_Airport=Grand Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florenceville_Airport=Florenceville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmundston_Airport=Edmundston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater_Aerodrome=Clearwater Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipman_Airport_(New_Brunswick)=Chipman Airport (New Brunswick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corfu_International_Airport=Corfu International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Southwest_International_Airport=Greater Southwest International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downs_Gulch_Aerodrome=Downs Gulch Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doaktown_Airport=Doaktown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouctouche_Aerodrome=Bouctouche Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_Airport=Cranfield Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boca_Raton_Airport=Boca Raton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Tickle_Airport=Black Tickle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Island_Airport=Bell Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottetown_Airport_(Labrador)=Charlottetown Airport (Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarenville_Airport=Clarenville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartwright_Airport=Cartwright Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill_Falls_Airport=Churchill Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exploits_Valley_(Botwood)_Airport=Exploits Valley (Botwood) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fogo_Aerodrome=Fogo Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_(Otter_Creek)_Water_Aerodrome=Goose (Otter Creek) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary's_Harbour_Airport=Mary's Harbour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_Grace_Airport=Harbour Grace Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makkovik_Airport=Makkovik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopedale_Airport=Hopedale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nain_Airport=Nain Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natuashish_Airport=Natuashish Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_au_Choix_Airport=Port au Choix Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Hope_Simpson_Airport=Port Hope Simpson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postville_Airport=Postville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigolet_Airport=Rigolet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Brook_Water_Aerodrome=South Brook Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springdale_Airport=Springdale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springdale/Davis_Pond_Water_Aerodrome=Springdale/Davis Pond Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Anthony_Airport=St. Anthony Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_(Paddys_Pond)_Water_Aerodrome=St. John's (Paddys Pond) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Andrews_(Codroy_Valley)_Airport=St. Andrews (Codroy Valley) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Lewis_(Fox_Harbour)_Airport=St. Lewis (Fox Harbour) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabush_Water_Aerodrome=Wabush Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabush_Airport=Wabush Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorburn_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Thorburn Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Harbour_Airport=Williams Harbour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winterland_Airport=Winterland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipman_Airport_(Alberta)=Chipman Airport (Alberta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Nang_International_Airport=Da Nang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noi_Bai_International_Airport=Noi Bai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinh_Airport=Vinh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umbozero_(airport)=Umbozero (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larnaca_International_Airport=Larnaca International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawyer_International_Airport=Sawyer International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_River_Airport=Apple River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amherst_Airport=Amherst Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baddeck_(Crown_Jewel)_Airport=Baddeck (Crown Jewel) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Church Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debert_Airport=Debert Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fancy_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Fancy Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digby/Annapolis_Regional_Airport=Digby/Annapolis Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finlay_Air_Park=Finlay Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Harbour_Airport=Fox Harbour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoopers_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Hoopers Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langille_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Langille Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool/South_Shore_Regional_Airport=Liverpool/South Shore Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaree_Airport=Margaree Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Stewiacke_Airport=Middle Stewiacke Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Germany_Water_Aerodrome=New Germany Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Hawkesbury_Airport=Port Hawkesbury Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porters_Lake_Airport=Porters Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porters_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Porters Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Airport=Stanley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney/J.A._Douglas_McCurdy_Airport=Sydney/J.A. Douglas McCurdy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Airport=Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton_Aerodrome=Trenton Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatamagouche_Airport=Tatamagouche Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waverley/Lake_William_Water_Aerodrome=Waverley/Lake William Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterville/Kings_County_Municipal_Airport=Waterville/Kings County Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorburn_Airport=Thorburn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouth_Airport=Yarmouth Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquette_County_Airport=Marquette County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingdao_Liuting_International_Airport=Qingdao Liuting International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Spitalgate=RAF Spitalgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wattay_International_Airport=Wattay International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladivostok_International_Airport=Vladivostok International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_S._Gabreski_Airport=Francis S. Gabreski Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aguanish_Water_Aerodrome=Aguanish Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akulivik_Airport=Akulivik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Airport=Alma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_(Lac_Figuery)_Water_Aerodrome=Amos (Lac Figuery) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos/Magny_Airport=Amos/Magny Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baie-Comeau_Water_Aerodrome=Baie-Comeau Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baie-Comeau_(Manic_1)_Airport=Baie-Comeau (Manic 1) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aupaluk_Airport=Aupaluk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrage_Gouin_Water_Aerodrome=Barrage Gouin Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Bagotville=CFB Bagotville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascades_Water_Aerodrome=Cascades Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Causapscal_Airport=Causapscal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventure_Airport=Bonaventure Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chambly_Airport=Chambly Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlevoix_Airport=Charlevoix Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chibougamau/Chapais_Airport=Chibougamau/Chapais Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevery_Airport=Chevery Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chutes-des-Passes/Lac_Margane_Water_Aerodrome=Chutes-des-Passes/Lac Margane Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisasibi_Airport=Chisasibi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chute-Saint-Philippe_Aerodrome=Chute-Saint-Philippe Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clova/Lac_Duchamp_Water_Aerodrome=Clova/Lac Duchamp Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drummondville_Airport=Drummondville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastmain_River_Airport=Eastmain River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnham_Airport=Farnham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drummondville_Water_Aerodrome=Drummondville Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontages_Airport=Fontages Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forestville_Airport=Forestville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandes-Bergeronnes_Airport=Grandes-Bergeronnes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli_International_Airport=Tripoli International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan_Field_Airport=Buchanan Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havre_Saint-Pierre_Airport=Havre Saint-Pierre Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havre_Saint-Pierre_Water_Aerodrome=Havre Saint-Pierre Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle-aux-Grues_Airport=Isle-aux-Grues Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inukjuak_Airport=Inukjuak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivujivik_Airport=Ivujivik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joliette_Airport=Joliette Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanawata_Aeroparc=Kanawata Aeroparc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangiqsualujjuaq_(Georges_River)_Airport=Kangiqsualujjuaq (Georges River) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangirsuk_Airport=Kangirsuk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kattiniq/Donaldson_Airport=Kattiniq/Donaldson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangiqsujuaq_(Wakeham_Bay)_Airport=Kangiqsujuaq (Wakeham Bay) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuujjuarapik_Airport=Kuujjuarapik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kegaska_Airport=Kegaska Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuujjuaq_Airport=Kuujjuaq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande-4_Airport=La Grande-4 Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande-3_Airport=La Grande-3 Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Romaine_Airport=La Romaine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sarre_Airport=La Sarre Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Tuque_Airport=La Tuque Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Tuque_Water_Aerodrome=La Tuque Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_Agile_(Mascouche)_Airport=Lac Agile (Mascouche) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_Beauregard_Water_Aerodrome=Lac Beauregard Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_Berthelot_Water_Aerodrome=Lac Berthelot Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_Etchemin_Airport=Lac Etchemin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_Gagnon_Water_Aerodrome=Lac Gagnon Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_Pau_(Caniapiscau)_Water_Aerodrome=Lac Pau (Caniapiscau) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_Gobeil_Water_Aerodrome=Lac Gobeil Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_Kaiagamac_Water_Aerodrome=Lac Kaiagamac Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennoxville_(Airview)_Airport=Lennoxville (Airview) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louiseville_Airport=Louiseville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lourdes-de-Blanc-Sablon_Airport=Lourdes-de-Blanc-Sablon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lourdes-de-Joliette_Airport=Lourdes-de-Joliette Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Assomption_Airport=L'Assomption Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manic_5/Lac_Louise_Water_Aerodrome=Manic 5/Lac Louise Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniwaki_Airport=Maniwaki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniwaki/Blue_Sea_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Maniwaki/Blue Sea Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansonville_Airport=Mansonville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montebello_Water_Aerodrome=Montebello Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matane_Airport=Matane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistissini_Water_Aerodrome=Mistissini Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matagami_Water_Aerodrome=Matagami Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matagami_Airport=Matagami Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Laurier_Airport=Mont-Laurier Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montmagny_Airport=Montmagny Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Joli_Airport=Mont-Joli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Tremblant/Lac_Duhamel_Water_Aerodrome=Mont-Tremblant/Lac Duhamel Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Tremblant/Saint-Jovite_Airport=Mont-Tremblant/Saint-Jovite Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natashquan_Airport=Natashquan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natashquan_(Lac_de_l'Avion)_Water_Aerodrome=Natashquan (Lac de l'Avion) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemiscau_Airport=Nemiscau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parc_Gatineau_Water_Aerodrome=Parc Gatineau Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parent_Airport=Parent Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parent_Water_Aerodrome=Parent Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poste_Montagnais_Airport=Poste Montagnais Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port-Menier_Airport=Port-Menier Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puvirnituq_Airport=Puvirnituq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Beach_County_Park_Airport=Palm Beach County Park Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Moon_Bay_Airport=Half Moon Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayward_Executive_Airport=Hayward Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livermore_Municipal_Airport=Livermore Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palo_Alto_Airport_of_Santa_Clara_County=Palo Alto Airport of Santa Clara County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reid-Hillview_Airport=Reid-Hillview Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotswold_Airport=Cotswold Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kallang_Airport=Kallang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paro_Airport=Paro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_du_Lac-Leamy=Casino du Lac-Leamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Palm_Beach_County_General_Aviation_Airport=North Palm Beach County General Aviation Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paphos_International_Airport=Paphos International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Beach_County_Glades_Airport=Palm Beach County Glades Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiamen_Gaoqi_International_Airport=Xiamen Gaoqi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quaqtaq_Airport=Quaqtaq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richelieu_Airport=Richelieu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont_Tremblant_International_Airport=Mont Tremblant International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimouski_Airport=Rimouski Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberval_Airport=Roberval Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rougemont_Airport=Rougemont Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouyn-Noranda_Airport=Rouyn-Noranda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salluit_Airport=Salluit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schefferville/Squaw_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Schefferville/Squaw Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schefferville_Airport=Schefferville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senneterre_Airport=Senneterre Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorel_Airport=Sorel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherbrooke_Airport=Sherbrooke Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanhope_Airport=Stanhope Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanstead/Weller_Airport=Stanstead/Weller Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasiujaq_Airport=Tasiujaq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thetford_Mines_Airport=Thetford Mines Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umiujaq_Airport=Umiujaq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salaberry-de-Valleyfield_Aerodrome=Salaberry-de-Valleyfield Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val-d'Or_Airport=Val-d'Or Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valcourt_Airport=Valcourt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoriaville_Airport=Victoriaville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waskaganish_Airport=Waskaganish Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weymontachie_Airport=Weymontachie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wemindji_Airport=Wemindji Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plattsburgh_International_Airport=Plattsburgh International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killaloe/Bonnechere_Airport=Killaloe/Bonnechere Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Tremblant/Lac_Ouimet_Water_Aerodrome=Mont-Tremblant/Lac Ouimet Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catharines/Niagara_District_Airport=St. Catharines/Niagara District Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Brieux_Airport=St. Brieux Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_Airport=St. Francis Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph_Island_Airport=St. Joseph Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul_Aerodrome=St. Paul Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ste._Rose_du_Lac_Airport=Ste. Rose du Lac Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Theresa_Point_Airport=St. Theresa Point Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Alphonse/Lac_Cloutier_Water_Aerodrome=Saint-Alphonse/Lac Cloutier Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Anne-des-Monts_Aerodrome=Sainte-Anne-des-Monts Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Anne-du-Lac_Water_Aerodrome=Sainte-Anne-du-Lac Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Anselme_Aerodrome=Saint-Anselme Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Augustin_Airport=Saint-Augustin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Basile_(Marcotte)_Aerodrome=Saint-Basile (Marcotte) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Bruno-de-Guigues_Aerodrome=Saint-Bruno-de-Guigues Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Airport_Irkutsk=International Airport Irkutsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banja_Luka_International_Airport=Banja Luka International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostar_International_Airport=Mostar International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_California_Logistics_Airport=Southern California Logistics Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Dominique_Aerodrome=Saint-Dominique Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Donat_Aerodrome=Saint-Donat Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Ferdinand_Aerodrome=Saint-Ferdinand Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Hyacinthe_Aerodrome=Saint-Hyacinthe Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Jean-Chrysostome_Aerodrome=Saint-Jean-Chrysostome Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Lambert-de-Lauzon_Aerodrome=Saint-Lambert-de-Lauzon Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Julienne_Aerodrome=Sainte-Julienne Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Mathias_Water_Aerodrome=Saint-Mathias Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Lucie-de-Beauregard_Aerodrome=Sainte-Lucie-de-Beauregard Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Louis-de-France_Aerodrome=Saint-Louis-de-France Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Mathias_Aerodrome=Saint-Mathias Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Mathieu-de-Beloeil_Aerodrome=Saint-Mathieu-de-Beloeil Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Mathias/Grant_Aerodrome=Saint-Mathias/Grant Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Raymond/Paquet_Aerodrome=Saint-Raymond/Paquet Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Victor-de-Beauce_Aerodrome=Saint-Victor-de-Beauce Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Veronique_Water_Aerodrome=Sainte-Veronique Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Michel-des-Saints_Aerodrome=Saint-Michel-des-Saints Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkesbury_Airport=Hawkesbury Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkesbury_(East)_Airport=Hawkesbury (East) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkesbury_(Windover_Field)_Airport=Hawkesbury (Windover Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria_Aerodrome=Alexandria Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitt_Meadows_Airport=Pitt Meadows Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare_International_Airport=Harare International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackay_Airport=Mackay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gananoque_Airport=Gananoque Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimli_Industrial_Park_Airport=Gimli Industrial Park Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strahan_Airport=Strahan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodiak_Airport=Kodiak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Illinois_Regional_Airport=Central Illinois Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busselton_Regional_Airport=Busselton Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samui_Airport=Samui Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_Airport=Aalborg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harstad/Narvik_Airport,_Evenes=Harstad/Narvik Airport, Evenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Salmon_Airport=King Salmon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillingham_Airport=Dillingham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sochi_International_Airport=Sochi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome_Airport=Nome Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami-Opa_Locka_Executive_Airport=Miami-Opa Locka Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algoma_Mills_Water_Aerodrome=Algoma Mills Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliston_Airport=Alliston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Water_Aerodrome=Armstrong Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Airport=Armstrong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong/Waweig_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Armstrong/Waweig Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnstein_Airport=Arnstein Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(Walter's_Field)_Aerodrome=Arthur (Walter's Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atikokan_Water_Aerodrome=Atikokan Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attawapiskat_Airport=Attawapiskat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atwood_Airport=Atwood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atwood/Coghlin_Airport=Atwood/Coghlin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrie/Little_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Barrie/Little Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bala/Gibson_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Bala/Gibson Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_Airport=Baldwin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bancroft_Airport=Bancroft Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_River_Water_Aerodrome=Bar River Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bearskin_Lake_Airport=Bearskin Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batchawana_Water_Aerodrome=Batchawana Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madawaska_Valley_Airpark=Madawaska Valley Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Hook_Wilderness_Camp_Water_Aerodrome=Big Hook Wilderness Camp Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleville_Aerodrome=Belleville Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels_(Armstrong_Field)_Airport=Brussels (Armstrong Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Trout_Lake_Airport=Big Trout Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford_Aerodrome=Bradford Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brantford_Airport=Brantford Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burditt_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Burditt Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caledonia/Grand_River_Water_Aerodrome=Caledonia/Grand River Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge/Reid's_Field_Airport=Cambridge/Reid's Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Lake_Airport=Carey Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatham-Kent_Airport=Chatham-Kent Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapleau_Water_Airport=Chapleau Water Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centralia/James_T._Field_Memorial_Aerodrome=Centralia/James T. Field Memorial Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Lake_Airport=Cat Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapleau_Airport=Chapleau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobden/Bruce_McPhail_Memorial_Airport=Cobden/Bruce McPhail Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochrane_Water_Aerodrome=Cochrane Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combermere/Kamaniskeg_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Combermere/Kamaniskeg Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Constance Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederation_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Confederation Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottam_Airport=Cottam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookstown_Airport=Cookstown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochrane_Airport=Cochrane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_International_Airport=Alice International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anniston_Regional_Airport=Anniston Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Island_Airport=Annette Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyendinaga_(Mohawk)_Airport=Tyendinaga (Mohawk) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picton_Airport=Picton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_Memorial_Airport=John F. Kennedy Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stirling_Aerodrome=Stirling Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goderich_Airport=Goderich Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_County_Airport_(Illinois)=Logan County Airport (Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apalachicola_Regional_Airport=Apalachicola Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_(Nery)_Juarbe_Pol_Airport=Antonio (Nery) Juarbe Pol Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eros_Airport=Eros Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buon_Ma_Thuot_Airport=Buon Ma Thuot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cam_Ranh_International_Airport=Cam Ranh International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleiku_Airport=Pleiku Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksons_International_Airport=Jacksons International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westerly_State_Airport=Westerly State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tbilisi_International_Airport=Tbilisi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Slopes_Regional_Airport=Eastern Slopes Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phu_Bai_International_Airport=Phu Bai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lien_Khuong_Airport=Lien Khuong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phu_Quoc_Airport=Phu Quoc Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_Tho_International_Airport=Can Tho International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rach_Gia_Airport=Rach Gia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cam_Ly_Airport=Cam Ly Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Bi_International_Airport=Cat Bi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Con_Dao_Airport=Con Dao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dien_Bien_Phu_Airport=Dien Bien Phu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong_Tac_Airport=Dong Tac Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phu_Cat_Airport=Phu Cat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovda_Airport=Ovda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Executive_Airport=Chicago Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisalabad_International_Airport=Faisalabad International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoxton_Park_Airport=Hoxton Park Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Tempsford=RAF Tempsford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxor_International_Airport=Luxor International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland/Troy_Airport=Oakland/Troy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_International_Airport_(Zhuliany)=Kyiv International Airport (Zhuliany)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boryspil_International_Airport=Boryspil International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Regional_Airport=Frederick Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Middleton_St_George=RAF Middleton St George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMAS_Stirling=HMAS Stirling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Wombleton=RAF Wombleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_Lott_International_Airport=Trent Lott International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aniak_Airport=Aniak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Airport_(Western_Australia)=Albany Airport (Western Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benbecula_Airport=Benbecula Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wick_Airport=Wick Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiree_Airport=Tiree Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Field=Drake Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Wilstermann_International_Airport=Jorge Wilstermann International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Cold_Lake=CFB Cold Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_Field=Page Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby_County_Airport_(Alabama)=Shelby County Airport (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln_Capital_Airport=Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur_Airport=Decatur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville_Downtown_Airport=Greenville Downtown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkes-Barre_Wyoming_Valley_Airport=Wilkes-Barre Wyoming Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chinita_International_Airport=La Chinita International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Airport=Jersey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratmalana_Airport=Ratmalana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anuradhapura_Airport=Anuradhapura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NATO_Air_Base_Geilenkirchen=NATO Air Base Geilenkirchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Maktoum_International_Airport=Al Maktoum International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goa_International_Airport=Goa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sioux_Lookout_Airport=Sioux Lookout Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangzhou_Xiaoshan_International_Airport=Hangzhou Xiaoshan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Forest_Airport=Black Forest Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuching_International_Airport=Kuching International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilbao_Airport=Bilbao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gostomel_Airport=Gostomel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Island_Airport=Norfolk Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas_International_Airport=Arkansas International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkeswell_Aerodrome=Dunkeswell Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jardines_del_Rey_Airport=Jardines del Rey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ningbo_Lishe_International_Airport=Ningbo Lishe International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenzhou_Longwan_International_Airport=Wenzhou Longwan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agartala_Airport=Agartala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taupo_Airport=Taupo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Osborne_Airport=John A. Osborne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._H._Bramble_Airport=W. H. Bramble Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton_J._Lloyd_International_Airport=Clayton J. Lloyd International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela_International_Airport=Nelson Mandela International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille_Provence_Airport=Marseille Provence Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMAS_Albatross_(air_station)=HMAS Albatross (air station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield-Barnes_Regional_Airport=Westfield-Barnes Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton_City_Centre_(Blatchford_Field)_Airport=Edmonton City Centre (Blatchford Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minangkabau_International_Airport=Minangkabau International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Deer Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_River/Rolph_Airport=Deep River/Rolph Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Lesseps_Lake_Airport=De Lesseps Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Lake/Keyamawun_Water_Aerodrome=Deer Lake/Keyamawun Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorset/Kawagama_Lake_(Old_Mill_Marina)_Water_Aerodrome=Dorset/Kawagama Lake (Old Mill Marina) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dryden_Regional_Airport=Dryden Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dryden_Water_Aerodrome=Dryden Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_(Mulock)_Airport=Durham (Mulock) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunnville_Airport=Dunnville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ear_Falls_Airport=Ear Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_River_Airport=Eagle River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Lake_Airport=Elk Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Elk Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmira_(East)_Airport=Elmira (East) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmira_Airport=Elmira Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ear_Falls_Water_Aerodrome=Ear Falls Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emsdale_Airport=Emsdale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex_Airport=Essex Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Airport=Ethel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_(Juergensen_Field)_Airport=Fergus (Juergensen Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palanga_International_Airport=Palanga International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bata_Airport=Bata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piarco_International_Airport=Piarco International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_City_Airport_(Pennsylvania)=Capital City Airport (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Kinabalu_International_Airport=Kota Kinabalu International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malabo_International_Airport=Malabo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordwich_Airport=Fordwich Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Mile_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Five Mile Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Albany_Airport=Fort Albany Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Erie_Airport=Fort Erie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Hope_Airport=Fort Hope Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Frances_Municipal_Airport=Fort Frances Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gananoque_Water_Aerodrome=Gananoque Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldton/Hutchison_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Geraldton/Hutchison Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gooderham/Pencil_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Gooderham/Pencil Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Severn_Airport=Fort Severn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldton_(Greenstone_Regional)_Airport=Geraldton (Greenstone Regional) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gowganda/Gowganda_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Gowganda/Gowganda Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore_Bay-Manitoulin_Airport=Gore Bay-Manitoulin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Bend_Airport=Grand Bend Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granitehill_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Granitehill Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbank_Airport=Greenbank Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimsby_Air_Park=Grimsby Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guelph_Airport=Guelph Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Frances_Water_Aerodrome=Fort Frances Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haliburton_Water_Aerodrome=Haliburton Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawk_Junction_Water_Aerodrome=Hawk Junction Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover/Saugeen_Municipal_Airport=Hanover/Saugeen Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haliburton/Stanhope_Municipal_Airport=Haliburton/Stanhope Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Head Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrow_Airport=Harrow Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst/Carey_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Hearst/Carey Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highgate_Airport=Highgate Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Water_Aerodrome=Hudson Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornepayne_Water_Aerodrome=Hornepayne Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_Landing_Airpark=Holland Landing Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornepayne_Municipal_Airport=Hornepayne Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville/Deerhurst_Resort_Airport=Huntsville/Deerhurst Resort Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignace_Municipal_Airport=Ignace Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iroquois_Airport=Iroquois Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iroquois_Falls_Airport=Iroquois Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville/Bella_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Huntsville/Bella Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville_Water_Aerodrome=Huntsville Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignace_Water_Aerodrome=Ignace Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Palma_Airport=La Palma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonopah_Test_Range_Airport=Tonopah Test Range Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land's_End_Airport=Land's End Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunedin_International_Airport=Dunedin International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Bennett_Memorial_Airport=Floyd Bennett Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo-Lancaster_Regional_Airport=Buffalo-Lancaster Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Regional_Airport=Lancaster Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakabeka_Falls_Airport=Kakabeka Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashabowie/Upper_Shebandowan_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Kashabowie/Upper Shebandowan Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasabonika_Airport=Kasabonika Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keene/Elmhirst's_Resort_Airport=Keene/Elmhirst's Resort Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashechewan_Airport=Kashechewan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keene/Elmhirst's_Resort_Water_Aerodrome=Keene/Elmhirst's Resort Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keewaywin_Airport=Keewaywin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kincardine_(Ellis_Field)_Airport=Kincardine (Ellis Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenora_Water_Aerodrome=Kenora Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kincardine/Shepherd's_Landing_Airport=Kincardine/Shepherd's Landing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenora_Airport=Kenora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingfisher_Lake_Airport=Kingfisher Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kincardine_Municipal_Airport=Kincardine Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkland_Lake_Airport=Kirkland Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_La_Croix_Water_Aerodrome=Lac La Croix Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Muskoka/Dudley_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Lake Muskoka/Dudley Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Muskoka/Alport_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Lake Muskoka/Alport Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Muskoka/Mortimer's_Point_Water_Aerodrome=Lake Muskoka/Mortimer's Point Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Rosseau/Cameron_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Lake Rosseau/Cameron Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Rosseau/Arthurlie_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Lake Rosseau/Arthurlie Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lefroy_Airport=Lefroy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leamington_Airport=Leamington Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lansdowne_House_Airport=Lansdowne House Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Rosseau/Windermere_Water_Aerodrome=Lake Rosseau/Windermere Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_Airport=Lindsay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listowel_Airport=Listowel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London/Chapeskie_Field_Airport=London/Chapeskie Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Current_Water_Aerodrome=Little Current Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucan_Airport=Lucan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Tier/Francis_Island_Water_Aerodrome=Mac Tier/Francis Island Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitouwadge_Airport=Manitouwadge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitowaning/Manitoulin_East_Municipal_Airport=Manitowaning/Manitoulin East Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_Aerodrome=Marathon Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattawa_Airport=Mattawa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Airport=Mansfield Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattawa_Water_Aerodrome=Mattawa Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitowaning_Water_Aerodrome=Manitowaning Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland/Huronia_Airport=Midland/Huronia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Aerodrome=Melbourne Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miminiska_Airport=Miminiska Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minaki/Pistol_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Minaki/Pistol Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moosonee_Water_Aerodrome=Moosonee Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moosonee_Airport=Moosonee Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton/Mountain_View_Airport=Trenton/Mountain View Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskoka_Airport=Muskoka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakina_Water_Aerodrome=Nakina Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakina_Airport=Nakina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskrat_Dam_Airport=Muskrat Dam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakina/Lower_Twin_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Nakina/Lower Twin Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nestor_Falls_Airport=Nestor Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nestor_Falls/Sabaskong_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Nestor Falls/Sabaskong Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Liskeard_Airport=New Liskeard Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nestor_Falls_Water_Aerodrome=Nestor Falls Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Lowell_Airport=New Lowell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_Falls/Niagara_South_Airport=Niagara Falls/Niagara South Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nixon_Airport=Nixon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel/Sawdust_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Nobel/Sawdust Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobleton_Airport=Nobleton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=North Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Spirit_Lake_Airport=North Spirit Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antalya_Airport=Antalya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosecrans_Memorial_Airport=Rosecrans Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogoki_Post_Airport=Ogoki Post Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opapimiskan_Lake_Airport=Opapimiskan Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangeville/Castlewood_Field_Aerodrome=Orangeville/Castlewood Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orillia/Lake_St_John_Water_Aerodrome=Orillia/Lake St John Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orillia_Airport=Orillia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orton/Smith_Field_Airport=Orton/Smith Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orillia/Matchedash_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Orillia/Matchedash Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmerston_Airport=Palmerston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parry_Sound_Area_Municipal_Airport=Parry Sound Area Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parry_Sound_Harbour_Water_Aerodrome=Parry Sound Harbour Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parry_Sound/Deep_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Parry Sound/Deep Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parry_Sound/Derbyshire_Island_Water_Aerodrome=Parry Sound/Derbyshire Island Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parry_Sound/Frying_Pan_Island-Sans_Souci_Water_Aerodrome=Parry Sound/Frying Pan Island-Sans Souci Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pays_Plat_Water_Aerodrome=Pays Plat Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peawanuck_Airport=Peawanuck Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petawawa_Airport=Petawawa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Perry Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelee_Island_Airport=Pelee Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parry_Sound/Huron_Island_Water_Aerodrome=Parry Sound/Huron Island Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwood_Airport=Norwood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikangikum_Airport=Pikangikum Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickle_Lake_Airport=Pickle Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickle_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Pickle Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plevna/Tomvale_Airport=Plevna/Tomvale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikangikum_Water_Aerodrome=Pikangikum Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poplar_Hill_Airport=Poplar Hill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Carling/Butterfly_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Port Carling/Butterfly Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Colborne_Airport=Port Colborne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Elgin_(Pryde_Field)_Airport=Port Elgin (Pryde Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Portage Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Stanton/Sparrow_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Port Stanton/Sparrow Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Elgin_Airport=Port Elgin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Loring_Water_Aerodrome=Port Loring Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainy_River_Water_Aerodrome=Rainy River Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Lake_Airport=Red Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Red Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renfrew/Black_Donald_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Renfrew/Black Donald Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renfrew/Hurds_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Renfrew/Hurds Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_(New_Glasgow)_Airport=Rodney (New Glasgow) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockton_Airport=Rockton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachigo_Lake_Airport=Sachigo Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Lake_(Weagamow_Lake)_Water_Aerodrome=Round Lake (Weagamow Lake) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_Point_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Sand Point Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Lake_(Weagamow_Lake)_Airport=Round Lake (Weagamow Lake) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Lake_Airport=Sandy Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Sandy Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarnia_Chris_Hadfield_Airport=Sarnia Chris Hadfield Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sault_Ste._Marie/Partridge_Point_Water_Aerodrome=Sault Ste. Marie/Partridge Point Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simcoe_(Dennison_Field)_Airport=Simcoe (Dennison Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelburne/Fisher_Field_Aerodrome=Shelburne/Fisher Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexsmith/Exeter_Airport=Sexsmith/Exeter Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savant_Lake_(Sturgeon_Lake)_Water_Aerodrome=Savant Lake (Sturgeon Lake) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sault_Ste._Marie_Water_Aerodrome=Sault Ste. Marie Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sioux_Lookout_Water_Aerodrome=Sioux Lookout Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeleton_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Skeleton Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sioux_Narrows_Airport=Sioux Narrows Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slate_Falls_Airport=Slate Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoky_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Smoky Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_River-Sundridge_District_Airport=South River-Sundridge District Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Aerodrome=Southampton Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staunton_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Staunton Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springwater_(Barrie_Airpark)_Aerodrome=Springwater (Barrie Airpark) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Stewart Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoney_Point_(Le_Cunff)_Airport=Stoney Point (Le Cunff) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoney_Creek_Airport=Stoney Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathroy_(Blue_Yonder)_Airport=Strathroy (Blue Yonder) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straffordville_Airport=Straffordville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudbury/Azilda_Water_Aerodrome=Sudbury/Azilda Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teeswater_(Thompson_Field)_Airport=Teeswater (Thompson Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudbury/Ramsey_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Sudbury/Ramsey Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Beaver_Airport=Summer Beaver Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudbury/Coniston_Airport=Sudbury/Coniston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thessalon_Municipal_Airport=Thessalon Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temagami_Water_Aerodrome=Temagami Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temagami/Mine_Landing_Water_Aerodrome=Temagami/Mine Landing Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrace_Bay_Airport=Terrace Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Thunder Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tillsonburg_Airport=Tillsonburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timmins/Porcupine_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Timmins/Porcupine Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobermory_Airport=Tobermory Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tottenham/Volk_Airport=Tottenham/Volk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermilion_Bay_Airport=Vermilion Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermilion_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Vermilion Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawa_Airport=Wawa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webequie_Airport=Webequie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westport/Rideau_Lakes_Airport=Westport/Rideau Lakes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_Central_Airport=Niagara Central Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_River_Water_Aerodrome=White River Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiarton_Airport=Wiarton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyevale_(Boker_Field)_Airport=Wyevale (Boker Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingham/Richard_W._LeVan_Aerodrome=Wingham/Richard W. LeVan Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windermere_Airport=Windermere Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wunnummin_Lake_Airport=Wunnummin Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_Airport_(Ontario)=Woodstock Airport (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edenvale_Airport=Edenvale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_Aerodrome=York Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitose_Air_Base=Chitose Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardmore_Airport_(New_Zealand)=Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balclutha_Aerodrome=Balclutha Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatham_Islands_/_Tuuta_Airport=Chatham Islands / Tuuta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Base_Tindal=RAAF Base Tindal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pryor_Field_Regional_Airport=Pryor Field Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niigata_Airport=Niigata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akita_Airport=Akita Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukushima_Airport=Fukushima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reus_Airport=Reus Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushiro_Airport=Kushiro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakkanai_Airport=Wakkanai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mzuzu_Airport=Mzuzu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providenciales_International_Airport=Providenciales International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples_International_Airport=Naples International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna_Guglielmo_Marconi_Airport=Bologna Guglielmo Marconi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altona_Municipal_Airport=Altona Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arborg_Airport=Arborg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnes_Airport=Arnes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashern_Airport=Ashern Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flin_Flon/Bakers_Narrows_Water_Aerodrome=Flin Flon/Bakers Narrows Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berens_River_Airport=Berens River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_River_Water_Aerodrome=Bird River Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bissett_Water_Aerodrome=Bissett Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodvein_River_Airport=Bloodvein River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sand_Lake_Airport=Big Sand Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brochet_Airport=Brochet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carman_(South)_Airport=Carman (South) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_River_(Lac_du_Bonnet)_Airport=Bird River (Lac du Bonnet) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill_Water_Aerodrome=Churchill Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill_Airport=Churchill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Lake_(Charlie_Sinclair_Memorial)_Airport=Cross Lake (Charlie Sinclair Memorial) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carman/Friendship_Field_Airport=Carman/Friendship Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_City-Pilot_Mound/Louise_Municipal_Airport=Crystal City-Pilot Mound/Louise Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lt._Col_W.G._(Billy)_Barker_VC_Airport=Lt. Col W.G. (Billy) Barker VC Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deloraine_Airport=Deloraine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easterville_Airport=Easterville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Island_Airport=Elk Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erickson_Municipal_Airport=Erickson Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Branch_Airport=Fisher Branch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flin_Flon/Channing_Water_Aerodrome=Flin Flon/Channing Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flin_Flon_Airport=Flin Flon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Plains_Airport=Gilbert Plains Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_Lake_Narrows_Airport=Gods Lake Narrows Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladstone_Aerodrome=Gladstone Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenboro_Airport=Glenboro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_Lake_Airport=Gods Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillam_Water_Aerodrome=Gillam Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillam_Airport=Gillam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_Lake_Narrows_Water_Aerodrome=Gods Lake Narrows Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Rapids_Airport=Grand Rapids Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_River_Airport=Gods River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunisao_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Gunisao Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunisao_Lake_Airport=Gunisao Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartney_Airport=Hartney Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilford_Airport=Ilford Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homewood_Airport=Homewood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Lake_Airport=Island Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenpeg_Airport=Jenpeg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelsey_Airport=Kelsey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killarney_Municipal_Airport=Killarney Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knee_Lake_Airport=Knee Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_du_Bonnet_(North)_Water_Aerodrome=Lac du Bonnet (North) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_Brochet_Airport=Lac Brochet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_River_Airport=Laurie River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaf_Rapids_Airport=Leaf Rapids Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaf_Rapids_Water_Aerodrome=Leaf Rapids Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knee_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Knee Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Jersey_Regional_Airport=Central Jersey Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lundar_Airport=Lundar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Churchill_River/Dunlop's_Fly_In_Lodge_Aerodrome=Little Churchill River/Dunlop's Fly In Lodge Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Lake_(Eldon_Lake)_Water_Aerodrome=Lynn Lake (Eldon Lake) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Lake_Airport=Lynn Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Airport=Macdonald Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacGregor_Airport=MacGregor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitou_Airport=Manitou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGavock_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=McGavock Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCreary_Airport=McCreary Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matheson_Island_Airport=Matheson Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melita_Airport=Melita Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnedosa_Airport=Minnedosa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molson_Lake_Airport=Molson Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morden_Regional_Aerodrome=Morden Regional Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neepawa_Airport=Neepawa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nejanilini_Lake_Airport=Nejanilini Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Seal_River_Airport=North Seal River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway_House_Airport=Norway House Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway_House_Water_Aerodrome=Norway House Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roblin_Airport=Roblin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_(Graham_Field)_Airport=Roland (Graham Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenort_Airport=Rosenort Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverton_Airport=Riverton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Airport=Russell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_Airport=Selkirk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk_Water_Aerodrome=Selkirk Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoal_Lake_Airport=Shoal Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoal_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Shoal Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamattawa_Airport=Shamattawa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Falls_Airport=Silver Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Snow Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Falls_Water_Aerodrome=Silver Falls Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Lake_Airport=Snow Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Hammock_Air_Park_Airport=Oak Hammock Air Park Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_House_Airport=Oxford House Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikwitonei_Airport=Pikwitonei Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poplar_River_Airport=Poplar River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_la_Prairie_(North)_Airport=Portage la Prairie (North) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukatawagan_Airport=Pukatawagan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukatawagen_Water_Aerodrome=Pukatawagen Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sucker_Lake_Airport=Red Sucker Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Dock_Airport=Pine Dock Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Dock_Water_Aerodrome=Pine Dock Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_la_Prairie_Southport_Airport=Portage la Prairie Southport Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reston/R.M._of_Pipestone_Airport=Reston/R.M. of Pipestone Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sucker_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Red Sucker Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souris_Glenwood_Industrial_Air_Park=Souris Glenwood Industrial Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Indian_Lake_Airport=South Indian Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbuck_Airport=Starbuck Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset_Aerodrome=Somerset Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinbach_Airport=Steinbach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadoule_Lake_Airport=Tadoule Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclair_Airport=Strathclair Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinbach_(South)_Airport=Steinbach (South) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pas_Airport=The Pas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_River_Airport=Swan River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pas/Grace_Lake_Airport=The Pas/Grace Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pas/Grace_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=The Pas/Grace Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thicket_Portage_Airport=Thicket Portage Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Water_Aerodrome=Thompson Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treherne_Airport=Treherne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treherne_(South_Norfolk_Airpark)_Aerodrome=Treherne (South Norfolk Airpark) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virden_(West)_Airport=Virden (West) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Airport=Thompson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virden/R.J._(Bob)_Andrew_Field_Regional_Aerodrome=Virden/R.J. (Bob) Andrew Field Regional Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virden_(Gabrielle_Farm)_Airport=Virden (Gabrielle Farm) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabowden_Water_Aerodrome=Wabowden Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren/Woodlands_Airport=Warren/Woodlands Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winkler_Airport=Winkler Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhoda_Airport=Zhoda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_Landing_Airport=York Landing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Andrews_Airport=St. Andrews Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg/Lyncrest_Airport=Winnipeg/Lyncrest Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown_Municipal_Airport_(Wisconsin)=Watertown Municipal Airport (Wisconsin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermilion_Regional_Airport=Vermilion Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Snailwell=RAF Snailwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia_Airport=Valencia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_Airport=Acme Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Airport=Andrew Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary/Airdrie_Airport=Calgary/Airdrie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrhead_Airport=Barrhead Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_Airport=Athabasca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashaw_Airport=Bashaw Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg_Aerodrome=Hamburg Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassano_Airport=Bassano Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banff_Airport=Banff Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bawlf_(Blackwells)_Airport=Bawlf (Blackwells) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaverlodge_Airport=Beaverlodge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beiseker_Airport=Beiseker Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birch_Mountain_Airport=Birch Mountain Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bjorgum_Farm_Airport=Bjorgum Farm Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Diamond/Cu_Nim_Airport=Black Diamond/Cu Nim Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bow_Island_Airport=Bow Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyle_Airport=Boyle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnyville_Airport=Bonnyville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brant_(Dixon_Farm)_Airport=Brant (Dixon Farm) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Regional_Aerodrome=Brooks Regional Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackie/Wilderman_Farm_Airport=Blackie/Wilderman Farm Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary/Okotoks_Air_Park=Calgary/Okotoks Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_Lake_Airport=Calling Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadotte_Airport=Cadotte Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camrose_Airport=Camrose Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carstairs/Bishell's_Airport=Carstairs/Bishell's Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cayley/A._J._Flying_Ranch_Airport=Cayley/A. J. Flying Ranch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castor_Airport=Castor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardston_Airport=Cardston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheadle_Airport=Cheadle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinchaga_Airport=Chinchaga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipewyan_Lake_Airport=Chipewyan Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chestermere_(Kirkby_Field)_Airport=Chestermere (Kirkby Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater_River_Airport=Clearwater River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claresholm_Industrial_Airport=Claresholm Industrial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Basin_Airport=Christina Basin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochrane/Arkayla_Springs_Airport=Cochrane/Arkayla Springs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Lake_Regional_Airport=Cold Lake Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conklin_Airport=Conklin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consort_Airport=Consort Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conklin_(Leismer)_Airport=Conklin (Leismer) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronation_Airport=Coronation Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowley_Airport=Cowley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coutts/Ross_International_Airport=Coutts/Ross International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeBolt_Aerodrome=DeBolt Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Winton/South_Calgary_Airport=De Winton/South Calgary Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whetstone_International_Airport=Whetstone International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pablo_Airport=San Pablo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doig_Airport=Doig Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumheller/Ostergard's_Airport=Drumheller/Ostergard's Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumheller_Municipal_Airport=Drumheller Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drayton_Valley_Industrial_Airport=Drayton Valley Industrial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnelly_Airport=Donnelly Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton/Cooking_Lake_Airport=Edmonton/Cooking Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton/Cooking_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Edmonton/Cooking Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton/Josephburg_Aerodrome=Edmonton/Josephburg Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton/St._Albert_Airport=Edmonton/St. Albert Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton/Twin_Island_Airpark=Edmonton/Twin Island Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton/Gartner_Airport=Edmonton/Gartner Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton/Villeneuve_Airport=Edmonton/Villeneuve Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edra_Airport=Edra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairview_Airport=Fairview Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embarras_Airport=Embarras Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_Airport=Empress Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress/McNeill_Spectra_Energy_Aerodrome=Empress/McNeill Spectra Energy Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edson_Airport=Edson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Point_Airport=Elk Point Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foremost_Airport=Foremost Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitzgerald_(Fort_Smith)_Water_Aerodrome=Fitzgerald (Fort Smith) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontas_Airport=Fontas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forestburg_Airport=Forestburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Chipewyan_Airport=Fort Chipewyan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Chipewyan/Small_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Fort Chipewyan/Small Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_MacKay/Horizon_Airport=Fort MacKay/Horizon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Macleod_Airport=Fort Macleod Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McMurray_Water_Aerodrome=Fort McMurray Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McMurray/Mildred_Lake_Airport=Fort McMurray/Mildred Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Vermilion_Airport=Fort Vermilion Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Creek_Airport=Fox Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Lake_Airport=Fox Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alert_Bay_Airport=Alert Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Arm/Silver_City_Water_Aerodrome=Alice Arm/Silver City Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alert_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Alert Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlin_Water_Aerodrome=Atlin Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlin_Airport=Atlin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliford_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Alliford Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamfield_Water_Aerodrome=Bamfield Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anahim_Lake_Airport=Anahim Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkerville_Airport=Barkerville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedwell_Harbour_Water_Aerodrome=Bedwell Harbour Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Bella/Shearwater_Water_Aerodrome=Bella Bella/Shearwater Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaverley_Airport=Beaverley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denny_Island_Aerodrome=Denny Island Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Bella_Airport_(Campbell_Island)=Bella Bella Airport (Campbell Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Bella/Waglisla_Water_Aerodrome=Bella Bella/Waglisla Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Big Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Channel_Water_Aerodrome=Blind Channel Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_River_Airport=Blue River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Coola_Airport=Bella Coola Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Cordero_Water_Aerodrome=Camp Cordero Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Quinn_Lake_Airport=Bob Quinn Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burns_Lake_Airport=Burns Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chetwynd_Airport=Chetwynd Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cache_Creek_Airport=Cache Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_River_Water_Aerodrome=Campbell River Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilko_Lake_(Tsylos_Park_Lodge)_Aerodrome=Chilko Lake (Tsylos Park Lodge) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilliwack_Airport=Chilliwack Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortes_Island_Aerodrome=Cortes Island Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Harbour_Water_Aerodrome=Coal Harbour Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_Bay_Airport=Crawford Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtenay_(Smit_Field)_Airport=Courtenay (Smit Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creston_Aerodrome=Creston Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Creek_Airport=Dawson Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Creek_(Flying_L_Ranch)_Airport=Dawson Creek (Flying L Ranch) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Creek_Water_Aerodrome=Dawson Creek Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtenay_Airpark=Courtenay Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dease_Lake_Airport=Dease Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Lake_Airport=Douglas Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta/Delta_Heritage_Air_Park=Delta/Delta Heritage Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Airport=Duncan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Valley_Airport=Echo Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elko_Airport=Elko Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddontenajon/Iskut_Village_Airport=Eddontenajon/Iskut Village Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkin_Creek_Guest_Ranch_Airport=Elkin Creek Guest Ranch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmont_Hot_Springs_Airport=Fairmont Hot Springs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finlay_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Finlay Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Grahame_Airport=Fort Grahame Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Grahame_Water_Aerodrome=Fort Grahame Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Langley_Airport=Fort Langley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Langley_Water_Aerodrome=Fort Langley Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Little_Rissington=RAF Little Rissington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Nelson_(Parker_Lake)_Water_Aerodrome=Fort Nelson (Parker Lake) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Nelson_Airport=Fort Nelson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Nelson/Gordon_Field_Airport=Fort Nelson/Gordon Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Nelson/Mobil_Sierra_Airport=Fort Nelson/Mobil Sierra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_St._James_(Perison)_Airport=Fort St. James (Perison) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_St._James/Stuart_River_Water_Aerodrome=Fort St. James/Stuart River Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_St._John_(Charlie_Lake)_Water_Aerodrome=Fort St. John (Charlie Lake) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ware_Airport=Fort Ware Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_St._John/Tompkins_Mile_54_Airport=Fort St. John/Tompkins Mile 54 Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ware_Water_Aerodrome=Fort Ware Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Fraser Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_Ranch_Airport=Gang Ranch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilford_Island/Echo_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Gilford Island/Echo Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_River_Water_Aerodrome=Gold River Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilford_Island/Health_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Gilford Island/Health Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Airport=Golden Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser_Lake_Airport=Fraser Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganges_Water_Aerodrome=Ganges Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Forks_Airport=Grand Forks Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lake_Aerodrome=Green Lake Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Green Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arborfield_Airport=Arborfield Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcola_Airport=Arcola Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauval_Airport=Beauval Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assiniboia_Airport=Assiniboia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_River_Airport=Big River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beechy_Airport=Beechy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biggar_Airport=Biggar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birch_Hills_Airport=Birch Hills Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Black Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briercrest_South_Airport=Briercrest South Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Narrows_Water_Aerodrome=Buffalo Narrows Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabri_Airport=Cabri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camsell_Portage_Airport=Camsell Portage Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candle_Lake_Airpark=Candle Lake Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Narrows_Airport=Buffalo Narrows Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlyle_Airport=Carlyle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canora_Airport=Canora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchbridge_Airport=Churchbridge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlot_River_Airport=Charlot River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cigar_Lake_Airport=Cigar Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Butte_Airport=Central Butte Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluff_Lake_Airport=Cluff Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins_Bay_Airport=Collins Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craik_Airport=Craik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cree_Lake_(Crystal_Lodge)_Airport=Cree Lake (Crystal Lodge) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cudworth_Airport=Cudworth Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronach/Scobey_Border_Station_Airport=Coronach/Scobey Border Station Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_House_Airport=Cumberland House Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cudworth_Municipal_Airport=Cudworth Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_Knife_Airport=Cut Knife Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davidson_Municipal_Airport=Davidson Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davin_Lake_Airport=Davin Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debden_Airport=Debden Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinsmore_Aerodrome=Dinsmore Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dore_Lake_Airport=Dore Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eatonia_(Elvie_Smith)_Municipal_Airport=Eatonia (Elvie Smith) Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastend_Airport=Eastend Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edam_Airport=Edam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esterhazy_Airport=Esterhazy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estevan_Regional_Aerodrome=Estevan Regional Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estevan_(South)_Airport=Estevan (South) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eston_Airport=Eston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estevan/Bryant_Airport=Estevan/Bryant Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fillmore_Airport=Fillmore Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferland_Airport=Ferland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fond-du-Lac_Airport=Fond-du-Lac Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Airport=Frontier Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainsborough_Airport=Gainsborough Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravelbourg_Airport=Gravelbourg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodsoil_Airport=Goodsoil Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glaslyn_Airport=Glaslyn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenfell_Airport=Grenfell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gull_Lake_Airport=Gull Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_River_Airport=Garden River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Lake_Airport=Gordon Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendon_Airport=Glendon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grande_Airport=Grande Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grande_Cache_Airport=Grande Cache Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grist_Lake_Airport=Grist Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comox_Water_Aerodrome=Comox Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtenay_Airpark_Water_Aerodrome=Courtenay Airpark Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimshaw_Airport=Grimshaw Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillespie_Field=Gillespie Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Airport=Hanna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hespero_Airport=Hespero Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardisty_Airport=Hardisty Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Prairie_Airport=High Prairie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Level_Airport=High Level Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_River_Airport=High River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus/Winters_Aire_Park_Airport=Indus/Winters Aire Park Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Level/Footner_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=High Level/Footner Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinton/Jasper-Hinton_Airport=Hinton/Jasper-Hinton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janvier_Airport=Janvier Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innisfail_Aerodrome=Innisfail Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killam-Sedgewick/Flagstaff_Regional_Airport=Killam-Sedgewick/Flagstaff Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D'Or_Prairie_Aerodrome=John D'Or Prairie Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Lake_Airport=Johnson Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_Airport=Jasper Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_Airport=Irma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Lake_Airport=Jean Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_La_Biche_Airport=Lac La Biche Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacombe_Airport=Lacombe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Crete_Airport=La Crete Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloydminster_Airport=Lloydminster Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loon_River_Airport=Loon River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Hot_Springs_Water_Aerodrome=Harrison Hot Springs Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartley_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Hartley Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmet_Airport=Helmet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Aerodrome=Hope Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Aerodrome=Houston Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invermere_Airport=Invermere Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaslo_Airport=Kaslo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson's_Hope_Airport=Hudson's Hope Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kincolith_Water_Aerodrome=Kincolith Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitimat_Airport=Kitimat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyuquot_Water_Aerodrome=Kyuquot Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitkatla_Water_Aerodrome=Kitkatla Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamloops_Water_Aerodrome=Kamloops Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingenika_Airport=Ingenika Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasqueti_Island/False_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Lasqueti Island/False Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillooet_Airport=Lillooet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafford_Airport=Hafford Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanley_Airport=Hanley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Likely_Aerodrome=Likely Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatchet_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Hatchet Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Bay_Airport=Hidden Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Bay_Airport=Hudson Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_Airport=Humboldt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Airport=Imperial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ituna_Airport=Ituna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Lake_Airport=Jan Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamsack_Airport=Kamsack Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerrobert_Airport=Kerrobert Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Lake_Airport=Key Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindersley_Regional_Airport=Kindersley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Airport=Kyle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kipling_Airport=Kipling Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ronge_Water_Aerodrome=La Ronge Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Loche_Airport=La Loche Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Loche_Water_Aerodrome=La Loche Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ronge_(Barber_Field)_Airport=La Ronge (Barber Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanigan_Airport=Lanigan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leader_Airport=Leader Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemberg_Airport=Lemberg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leoville_Airport=Leoville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leask_Airport=Leask Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lampman_Airport=Lampman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewvan_(Farr_Air)_Airport=Lewvan (Farr Air) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bear_Lake_Airport=Little Bear Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loon_Lake_Airport=Loon Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Lake_Airport=Lucky Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumsden_(Metz)_Airport=Lumsden (Metz) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumsden_(Colhoun)_Airport=Lumsden (Colhoun) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luseland_Airport=Luseland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Gander=CFB Gander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manning_Airport=Manning Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marek_Farms_Airport=Marek Farms Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Lake_Airport=Margaret Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayerthorpe_Airport=Mayerthorpe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Hat_Airport=Medicine Hat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Hat/Schlenker_Airport=Medicine Hat/Schlenker Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milk_River_Airport=Milk River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milk_River_(Madge)_Airport=Milk River (Madge) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskeg_Tower_Airport=Muskeg Tower Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namur_Lake_Airport=Namur Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olds_(Netook)_Airport=Olds (Netook) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olds-Didsbury_Airport=Olds-Didsbury Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bistcho_Airport=Bistcho Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican_Airport=Pelican Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_River_Airport=Peace River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pincher_Creek_Airport=Pincher Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyen_Municipal_Airport=Oyen Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponoka_Industrial_(Labrie_Field)_Airport=Ponoka Industrial (Labrie Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_Lake_Airport=Mabel Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackenzie_Airport=Mackenzie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansons_Landing_Water_Aerodrome=Mansons Landing Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masset_Airport=Masset Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masset_Water_Aerodrome=Masset Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provost_Airport=Provost Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayne_Island_Water_Aerodrome=Mayne Island Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McBride/Charlie_Leake_Field_Aerodrome=McBride/Charlie Leake Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt_Airport=Merritt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway_Aerodrome=Midway Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minstrel_Island_Water_Aerodrome=Minstrel Island Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Water_Aerodrome=Mission Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moose_Lake_(Lodge)_Airport=Moose Lake (Lodge) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moose_Lake_(Lodge)_Water_Aerodrome=Moose Lake (Lodge) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mule_Creek_Airport=Mule Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakusp_Airport=Nakusp Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muncho_Lake/Mile_462_Water_Aerodrome=Muncho Lake/Mile 462 Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanaimo_Harbour_Water_Airport=Nanaimo Harbour Water Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanaimo/Long_Lake_Water_Airport=Nanaimo/Long Lake Water Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanaimo_Airport=Nanaimo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Airport_(British_Columbia)=Nelson Airport (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Water_Aerodrome=Nelson Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimpo_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Nimpo Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Falls_Water_Aerodrome=Ocean Falls Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Municipal_Airport=Oliver Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Mile_House_Airport=100 Mile House Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitt_Meadows_Water_Aerodrome=Pitt Meadows Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penticton_Water_Aerodrome=Penticton Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ospika_Airport=Ospika Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pender_Harbour_Water_Aerodrome=Pender Harbour Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osoyoos_Airport=Osoyoos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poplar_Beach_Resort_Water_Aerodrome=Poplar Beach Resort Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemberton_Regional_Airport=Pemberton Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Alberni/Sproat_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Port Alberni/Sproat Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Alberni_Water_Aerodrome=Port Alberni Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Alice/Rumble_Beach_Water_Aerodrome=Port Alice/Rumble Beach Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Hardy_Airport=Port Hardy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Hardy_Water_Aerodrome=Port Hardy Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_McNeill_Airport=Port McNeill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Alberni_(Alberni_Valley_Regional)_Airport=Port Alberni (Alberni Valley Regional) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Simpson_Water_Aerodrome=Port Simpson Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Washington_Water_Aerodrome=Port Washington Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell_River_Airport=Powell River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Powell Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Rupert_Airport=Prince Rupert Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_George_(North_Cariboo_Air_Park)_Airport=Prince George (North Cariboo Air Park) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Rupert/Digby_Island_Water_Aerodrome=Prince Rupert/Digby Island Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Rupert/Seal_Cove_Water_Airport=Prince Rupert/Seal Cove Water Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puntzi_Mountain_Airport=Puntzi Mountain Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maidstone_Aerodrome=Maidstone Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macklin_Airport=Macklin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Island_Airport=Malcolm Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_Aerodrome=Princeton Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Creek_Airport=Maple Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McArthur_River_Airport=McArthur River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadow_Lake_Airport_(Saskatchewan)=Meadow Lake Airport (Saskatchewan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melfort_(Miller_Field)_Aerodrome=Melfort (Miller Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melville_Municipal_Airport=Melville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moose_Jaw_Municipal_Airport=Moose Jaw Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naicam_Airport=Naicam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moosomin_Airport=Moosomin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nekweaga_Bay_Airport=Nekweaga Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neilburg_Airport=Neilburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipawin_Airport=Nipawin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipawin_Water_Aerodrome=Nipawin Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otter_Lake_Airport=Otter Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Battleford_Airport=North Battleford Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Battleford/Hamlin_Airport=North Battleford/Hamlin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otter_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Otter Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlook_Airport=Outlook Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxbow_Airport=Oxbow Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangman_Airport=Pangman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Hill_Airport=Paradise Hill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patuanak_Airport=Patuanak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican_Narrows_Airport=Pelican Narrows Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican_Narrows_Water_Aerodrome=Pelican Narrows Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Butte_Airport=Pilot Butte Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinehouse_Lake_Airport=Pinehouse Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Points_North_Landing_Airport=Points North Landing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porcupine_Plain_Airport=Porcupine Plain Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preeceville_Airport=Preeceville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Points_North_Landing_Water_Aerodrome=Points North Landing Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_McNeill_Water_Aerodrome=Port McNeill Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Albert_(Glass_Field)_Airport=Prince Albert (Glass Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Lake_Airport=Rainbow Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Earth_Creek_Airport=Red Earth Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Deer_Regional_Airport=Red Deer Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimbey_Airport=Rimbey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_House_Airport=Rocky Mountain House Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Deer_Forestry_Airport=Red Deer Forestry Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockyford_Airport=Rockyford Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_Lake_Airport=Slave Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steen_River_Airport=Steen River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steen_Tower_Airport=Steen Tower Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stettler_Airport=Stettler Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_Plain_(Lichtner_Farms)_Airport=Stony Plain (Lichtner Farms) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathmore_(D.J._Murray)_Airport=Strathmore (D.J. Murray) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundre_Airport=Sundre Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Hills_Airport=Swan Hills Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taber_Airport=Taber Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teepee_Airport=Teepee Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_River_Airport=Spirit River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundre/Goodwins_Farm_Airport=Sundre/Goodwins Farm Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tofield_Airport=Tofield Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Hills_Airport=Three Hills Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Hills_Airport=Two Hills Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Valley_Bar_N_Ranch_Airport=Turner Valley Bar N Ranch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valleyview_Airport=Valleyview Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vauxhall_Airport=Vauxhall Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegreville_Airport=Vegreville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermilion_Airport=Vermilion Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan_Airport=Vulcan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_Airport=Viking Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabasca_Airport=Wabasca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warburg/Zajes_Airport=Warburg/Zajes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wainwright/Wainwright_(Field_21)_Airport=Wainwright/Wainwright (Field 21) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wainwright_Aerodrome=Wainwright Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitecourt_Airport=Whitecourt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Airport=Warner Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westlock_Airport=Westlock Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetaskiwin_Regional_Airport=Wetaskiwin Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowpar_Airport=Cowpar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zama_Airport=Zama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zama_Lake_Airport=Zama Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualicum_Beach_Airport=Qualicum Beach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quamichan_Lake_(Raven_Field)_Airport=Quamichan Lake (Raven Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Charlotte_City_Water_Aerodrome=Queen Charlotte City Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quesnel_Airport=Quesnel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quesnel_Lake_Airport=Quesnel Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radium_Hot_Springs_Airport=Radium Hot Springs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quilchena_Airport=Quilchena Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivers_Inlet_Water_Aerodrome=Rivers Inlet Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rykerts_Water_Aerodrome=Rykerts Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scar_Creek_Airport=Scar Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandspit_Airport=Sandspit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scum_Lake_Airport=Scum Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelstoke_Airport=Revelstoke Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sechelt/Porpoise_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Sechelt/Porpoise Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithers_Airport=Smithers Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_Rapids_Water_Aerodrome=Stony Rapids Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_Rapids_Airport=Stony Rapids Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithers/Tyhee_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Smithers/Tyhee Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swift_Current_Airport=Swift Current Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tisdale_Airport=Tisdale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparwood/Elk_Valley_Airport=Sparwood/Elk Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Aerodrome=Unity Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springhouse_Airpark=Springhouse Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_City_Water_Aerodrome=Uranium City Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spout_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Spout Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Sullivan Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Aerodrome=Stewart Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_City_Airport=Uranium City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squamish_Airport=Squamish Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Water_Aerodrome=Stewart Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surge_Narrows_Water_Aerodrome=Surge Narrows Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey/King_George_Airpark=Surrey/King George Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahsis_Water_Aerodrome=Tahsis Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakaw_Airport=Wakaw Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadena_Airport=Wadena Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watrous_Airport=Watrous Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawota_Airport=Wawota Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takla_Landing_Water_Aerodrome=Takla Landing Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegraph_Creek_Airport=Telegraph Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegraph_Creek_Water_Aerodrome=Telegraph Creek Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Regional_Airport_(British_Columbia)=Northwest Regional Airport (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipella_Airport=Tipella Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Poplar_Airport=West Poplar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tofino/Long_Beach_Airport=Tofino/Long Beach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texada/Gillies_Bay_Airport=Texada/Gillies Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tofino_Harbour_Water_Aerodrome=Tofino Harbour Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toad_River/Mile_422_(Alaska_Highway)_Airport=Toad River/Mile 422 (Alaska Highway) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weyburn_Airport=Weyburn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_City_(Radomsky)_Airport=White City (Radomsky) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitewood_Airport=Whitewood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkie_Airport=Wilkie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Bunch_Airport=Willow Bunch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wynyard/W._B._Needham_Field_Aerodrome=Wynyard/W. B. Needham Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wollaston_Lake_Airport=Wollaston Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radville_Airport=Radville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorkton_Municipal_Airport=Yorkton Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeballos_Water_Aerodrome=Zeballos Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quill_Lake_Airport=Quill Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodcock_Airport=Woodcock Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocanville_Airport=Rocanville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_Beach_Airport=Regina Beach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redvers_Airport=Redvers Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockglen_Airport=Rockglen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosetown_Airport=Rosetown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Sandy Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Bay_Airport=Sandy Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon/Corman_Air_Park=Saskatoon/Corman Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaunavon_Airport=Shaunavon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shellbrook_Airport=Shellbrook Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southend_Water_Aerodrome=Southend Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squaw_Rapids_Airport=Squaw Rapids Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiritwood_Airport=Spiritwood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southend_Aerodrome=Southend Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Valley_(North)_Airport=Spring Valley (North) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_Airport=Trail Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsacha_Lake_Airport=Tsacha Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsetzi_Lake_(Pan_Phillips)_Airport=Tsetzi Lake (Pan Phillips) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumbler_Ridge_Airport=Tumbler Ridge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuniah_Lake_Lodge_Airport=Tsuniah Lake Lodge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ucluelet_Water_Aerodrome=Ucluelet Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valemount_Airport=Valemount Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Harbour_Water_Airport=Vancouver Harbour Water Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winfield_(Wood_Lake)_Water_Aerodrome=Winfield (Wood Lake) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whaletown_Water_Aerodrome=Whaletown Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Williams Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Lake_Airport=Williams Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whistler/Green_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Whistler/Green Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Inner_Harbour_Airport=Victoria Inner Harbour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Airport_Water_Aerodrome=Victoria Airport Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanderhoof_(District)_Water_Aerodrome=Vanderhoof (District) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanderhoof_Airport=Vanderhoof Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Regional_Airport=Vernon Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon/Wildlife_Water_Aerodrome=Vernon/Wildlife Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_International_Water_Airport=Vancouver International Water Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radisson_Airport=Radisson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon_Arm_Airport=Salmon Arm Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sechelt_Aerodrome=Sechelt Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawnigan_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Shawnigan Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Arbor_Municipal_Airport=Ann Arbor Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MidAmerica_St._Louis_Airport=MidAmerica St. Louis Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biggs_Army_Airfield=Biggs Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Army_Airfield=Gray Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Haven's_Gilbert_Airport=Winter Haven's Gilbert Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton_Municipal_Airpark=Clayton Municipal Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Municipal_Airport_(Indiana)=Columbus Municipal Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Mountain_Airport=Battle Mountain Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Braunfels_Regional_Airport=New Braunfels Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Scherger=RAAF Scherger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Aerodrome=Alexandra Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glentanner_Aerodrome=Glentanner Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Marston_Airfield=Long Marston Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuttle_Landing_Facility=Shuttle Landing Facility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veer_Savarkar_International_Airport=Veer Savarkar International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Seretse_Khama_International_Airport=Sir Seretse Khama International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuressaare_Airport=Kuressaare Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill_Field=Merrill Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendale_Municipal_Airport=Glendale Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue_Airfield=Bellevue Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okeechobee_County_Airport=Okeechobee County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratica_di_Mare_Air_Base=Pratica di Mare Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheboygan_County_Memorial_Airport=Sheboygan County Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Deer_Valley_Airport=Phoenix Deer Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homestead_Air_Reserve_Base=Homestead Air Reserve Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Base_Townsville=RAAF Base Townsville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Field_(Midway_Atoll)=Henderson Field (Midway Atoll)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Field_(North_Carolina)=Henderson Field (North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honiara_International_Airport=Honiara International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tartu_Airport=Tartu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioannina_National_Airport=Ioannina National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Hussein_International_Airport=King Hussein International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacha_Khan_International_Airport=Bacha Khan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tawau_Airport=Tawau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Grande_Municipal_Airport=Casa Grande Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Municipal_Airport_(Arizona)=Douglas Municipal Airport (Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marana_Regional_Airport=Marana Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_City_Municipal_Airport=Colorado City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckeye_Municipal_Airport=Buckeye Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler_Municipal_Airport=Chandler Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nogales_International_Airport=Nogales International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangerlussuaq_Airport=Kangerlussuaq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innsbruck_Airport=Innsbruck Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb_Airport=Zagreb Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tauranga_Airport=Tauranga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp_International_Airport=Antwerp International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo_Airport,_Fornebu=Oslo Airport, Fornebu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Base_Edinburgh=RAAF Base Edinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatzor_Airbase=Hatzor Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Udeid_Air_Base=Al Udeid Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Asad_Airbase=Al Asad Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoketown_Airport=Smoketown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MoD_Boscombe_Down=MoD Boscombe Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avey_Field_State_Airport=Avey Field State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easton_State_Airport=Easton State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anshan_Teng'ao_Airport=Anshan Teng'ao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_Regional_Airport=Olympia Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Upwood=RAF Upwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruger_Mpumalanga_International_Airport=Kruger Mpumalanga International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Airport=Alta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nauru_International_Airport=Nauru International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozani_National_Airport=Kozani National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Williams=RAAF Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_Airport_(New_South_Wales)=Newcastle Airport (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Base_Glenbrook=RAAF Base Glenbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Gingin=RAAF Gingin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagga_Wagga_Airport=Wagga Wagga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Base_Wagga=RAAF Base Wagga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jervis_Bay_Airport=Jervis Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enoggera_Barracks=Enoggera Barracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dochra_Airfield=Dochra Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamson_Airfield=Williamson Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavarack_Barracks=Lavarack Barracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakey_Army_Aviation_Centre=Oakey Army Aviation Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrau_Airpark=Andrau Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Curtin=RAAF Curtin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Learmonth=RAAF Learmonth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamboanga_International_Airport=Zamboanga International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warroad_International_Memorial_Airport=Warroad International Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kirkconnell_International_Airport=Charles Kirkconnell International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Bromwich_Aerodrome=Castle Bromwich Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majors_Airport=Majors Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchel_Air_Force_Base=Mitchel Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubrovnik_Airport=Dubrovnik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Polebrook=RAF Polebrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Moose_Jaw=CFB Moose Jaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Castle_Airport=New Castle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Edmonton=CFB Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur_Airport=Jaipur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempegowda_International_Airport=Kempegowda International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulphur_Springs_Municipal_Airport=Sulphur Springs Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox_Field=Cox Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison_Airport=Addison Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaumont_Municipal_Airport=Beaumont Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allahabad_Airport=Allahabad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownwood_Regional_Airport=Brownwood Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terre_Haute_International_Airport=Terre Haute International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scholes_International_Airport_at_Galveston=Scholes International Airport at Galveston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Executive_Airport=Dallas Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Fiskerton=RAF Fiskerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_East_Kirkby=RAF East Kirkby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korat_Royal_Thai_Air_Force_Base=Korat Royal Thai Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarksville/Red_River_County_Airport=Clarksville/Red River County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Grimsby=RAF Grimsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheddi_Jagan_International_Airport=Cheddi Jagan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Texas_Regional_Airport=North Texas Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman_Municipal_Airport=Sherman Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearne_Municipal_Airport=Hearne Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wayne_Hooks_Memorial_Airport=David Wayne Hooks Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Dry_One=Canada Dry One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Macleod_(Alcock_Farm)_Airport=Fort Macleod (Alcock Farm) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirby_Lake_Airport=Kirby Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueltin_Lake_Airport=Nueltin Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulusuk_Airport=Kulusuk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narsarsuaq_Airport=Narsarsuaq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miquelon_Airport=Miquelon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Pierre_Airport=Saint-Pierre Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokhara_Airport=Pokhara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sialkot_International_Airport=Sialkot International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xi'an_Xianyang_International_Airport=Xi'an Xianyang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multan_International_Airport=Multan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bovingdon=RAF Bovingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuyahoga_County_Airport=Cuyahoga County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompano_Beach_Airpark=Pompano Beach Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Romana_International_Airport=La Romana International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDPGA_Wethersfield=MDPGA Wethersfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpena_County_Regional_Airport=Alpena County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cibao_International_Airport=Cibao International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallahassee_Commercial_Airport=Tallahassee Commercial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalmar_Airport=Kalmar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podgorica_Airport=Podgorica Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Cruces_International_Airport=Las Cruces International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texel_International_Airport=Texel International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arusha_Airport=Arusha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellsville_Municipal_Airport=Wellsville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Kooy_Airfield=De Kooy Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sana'a_International_Airport=Sana'a International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damascus_International_Airport=Damascus International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Academy_of_Aeronautics=Sierra Academy of Aeronautics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Heliport=Tokyo Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Ratulangi_International_Airport=Sam Ratulangi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kigali_International_Airport=Kigali International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikorsky_Memorial_Airport=Sikorsky Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goulburn_Airport=Goulburn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astana_International_Airport=Astana International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manas_International_Airport=Manas International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Hood_Seaplane_Base=Lake Hood Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dushanbe_International_Airport=Dushanbe International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashgabat_International_Airport=Ashgabat International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrance_B._Lettsome_International_Airport=Terrance B. Lettsome International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Gorda_Airport=Virgin Gorda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadjehoun_Airport=Cadjehoun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diori_Hamani_International_Airport=Diori Hamani International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Bay_Airport=Cold Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbourne_Airport=Woodbourne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Barrier_Aerodrome=Great Barrier Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemet-Ryan_Airport=Hemet-Ryan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigram_Aerodrome=Wigram Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youngstown-Warren_Regional_Airport=Youngstown-Warren Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAF_Base_Nur_Khan=PAF Base Nur Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quetta_International_Airport=Quetta International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum_International_Airport=Khartoum International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bujumbura_International_Airport=Bujumbura International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asmara_International_Airport=Asmara International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAF_Base_Samungli=PAF Base Samungli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Plymouth_Airport=New Plymouth Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaumont-Semoutiers_Air_Base=Chaumont-Semoutiers Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laon-Couvron_Air_Base=Laon-Couvron Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phalsbourg-Bourscheid_Air_Base=Phalsbourg-Bourscheid Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisa_International_Airport=Pisa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya-Maya_Airport=Maya-Maya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsapha_Airport=Matsapha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangui_M'Poko_International_Airport=Bangui M'Poko International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Seewoosagur_Ramgoolam_International_Airport=Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshott_Airfield=Eshott Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokitika_Airport=Hokitika Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invercargill_Airport=Invercargill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saidu_Sharif_Airport=Saidu Sharif Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkarby_Airport=Barkarby Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Wisconsin_Regional_Airport=Southern Wisconsin Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickenbacker_Air_National_Guard_Base=Rickenbacker Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_East_Fortune=RAF East Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadi_International_Airport=Nadi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tivat_Airport=Tivat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronel_FAP_Francisco_Secada_Vignetta_International_Airport=Coronel FAP Francisco Secada Vignetta International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tnte._FAP_Jaime_Montreuil_Morales_Airport=Tnte. FAP Jaime Montreuil Morales Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haikou_Meilan_International_Airport=Haikou Meilan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk-1_Airport=Minsk-1 Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukkur_Airport=Sukkur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhob_Airport=Zhob Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aranuka_Airport=Aranuka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cad._FAP_Guillermo_del_Castillo_Paredes_Airport=Cad. FAP Guillermo del Castillo Paredes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trujillo_Airport=Trujillo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conne_River_Water_Aerodrome=Conne River Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa/Rockcliffe_Water_Aerodrome=Ottawa/Rockcliffe Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skopje_%22Alexander_the_Great%22_Airport=Skopje "Alexander the Great" Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salzburg_Airport=Salzburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bol_Airport=Bol Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osijek_Airport=Osijek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pula_Airport=Pula Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rijeka_Airport=Rijeka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Airport=Split Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zadar_Airport=Zadar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalina_Airport=Catalina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwadar_International_Airport=Gwadar International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asturias_Airport=Asturias Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badajoz_Airport=Badajoz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parma_Airport=Parma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton_Metropolitan_Airport=Stockton Metropolitan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabadell_Airport=Sabadell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gan_International_Airport=Gan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Podington=RAF Podington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Thurleigh=RAF Thurleigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Twinwood_Farm=RAF Twinwood Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alderney_Airport=Alderney Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funafuti_International_Airport=Funafuti International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokushima_Airport=Tokushima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty_International_Airport=Almaty International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashhad_International_Airport=Mashhad International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulu_Airport=Gulu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore_County_Airport_(North_Carolina)=Moore County Airport (North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta_Regional_Airport=Atlanta Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidente_Nicolau_Lobato_International_Airport=Presidente Nicolau Lobato International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Base_Presidente_Eduardo_Frei_Montalva=Base Presidente Eduardo Frei Montalva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anapa_Airport=Anapa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lungi_International_Airport=Lungi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_International_Airport=Roberts International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouakchott_International_Airport=Nouakchott International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conakry_International_Airport=Conakry International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardmore_Air_Force_Base=Ardmore Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Alfred_Airport=Port Alfred Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Lake_Municipal_Airport=Shell Lake Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grissom_Air_Reserve_Base=Grissom Air Reserve Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laoag_International_Airport=Laoag International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wainwright_Airport_(Alaska)=Wainwright Airport (Alaska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Field_(Arizona)=Falcon Field (Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilgit_Airport=Gilgit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_County_Airport_(Indiana)=Monroe County Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lompoc_Airport=Lompoc Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oroville_Municipal_Airport=Oroville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Paula_Airport=Santa Paula Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibiza_Airport=Ibiza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menorca_Airport=Menorca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiwani_Airport=Jiwani Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peach_State_Airport=Peach State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_G._Pitka_Sr._Airport=Edward G. Pitka Sr. Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenai_Municipal_Airport=Kenai Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon_West_Airport=Grand Canyon West Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valdez_Airport=Valdez Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unalaska_Airport=Unalaska Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Wien_Memorial_Airport=Ralph Wien Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homer_Airport=Homer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_Airpark=Delaware Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sussex_County_Airport=Sussex County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Montrose=RAF Montrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Municipal_Airport_(Georgia)=Douglas Municipal Airport (Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Airport=Castle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton_County_Airport_(New_York)=Fulton County Airport (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartersville_Airport=Cartersville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_J._Koladza_Airport=Walter J. Koladza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsfield_Municipal_Airport_(Massachusetts)=Pittsfield Municipal Airport (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Woodhall_Spa=RAF Woodhall Spa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Oakley=RAF Oakley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_Mountain_Airport=Riding Mountain Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_East_Pubnico_(La_Field)_Airport=Lower East Pubnico (La Field) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell_Industrial_Airport=Caldwell Industrial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Valley_Airport_(Arizona)=Sun Valley Airport (Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohrid_%22St._Paul_the_Apostle%22_Airport=Ohrid "St. Paul the Apostle" Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topeka_Regional_Airport=Topeka Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atqasuk_Edward_Burnell_Sr._Memorial_Airport=Atqasuk Edward Burnell Sr. Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alakanuk_Airport=Alakanuk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joinville-Lauro_Carneiro_de_Loyola_Airport=Joinville-Lauro Carneiro de Loyola Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kovin_Airport=Kovin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gove_Airport=Gove Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunica_Municipal_Airport=Tunica Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevak_Airport=Chevak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zrenjanin_Airport=Zrenjanin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morava_Airport=Morava Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Park_Airport=College Park Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Whiddy_Island=Naval Air Station Whiddy Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westover_Metropolitan_Airport=Westover Metropolitan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Municipal_Airport=Beverly Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Municipal_Airport_(Massachusetts)=Lawrence Municipal Airport (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruning_Army_Airfield=Bruning Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Regional_Airport_(California)=Lincoln Regional Airport (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Cochran_Regional_Airport=Jacqueline Cochran Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlevoix_Municipal_Airport=Charlevoix Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Airport_(Iron_Mountain)=Ford Airport (Iron Mountain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panjgur_Airport=Panjgur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crotone_Airport=Crotone Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharana_Pratap_Airport=Maharana Pratap Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Air_National_Guard_Base=Otis Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzliya_Airport=Herzliya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fik_Airfield=Fik Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisbee_Douglas_International_Airport=Bisbee Douglas International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Bishop_International_Airport=Maurice Bishop International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bien_Hoa_Air_Base=Bien Hoa Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binh_Thuy_Air_Base=Binh Thuy Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cam_Ranh_Air_Base=Cam Ranh Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melville_Hall_Airport=Melville Hall Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nha_Trang_Air_Base=Nha Trang Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Nang_Air_Base=Da Nang Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleiku_Air_Base=Pleiku Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phan_Rang_Air_Base=Phan Rang Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tan_Son_Nhut_Air_Base=Tan Son Nhut Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuy_Hoa_Air_Base=Tuy Hoa Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Airport,_Peretola=Florence Airport, Peretola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Warfare_Center_Warminster=Naval Air Warfare Center Warminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tingwall_Airport=Tingwall Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Muang_Royal_Thai_Air_Force_Base=Don Muang Royal Thai Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhon_Phanom_Royal_Thai_Navy_Base=Nakhon Phanom Royal Thai Navy Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takhli_Royal_Thai_Air_Force_Base=Takhli Royal Thai Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubon_Royal_Thai_Air_Force_Base=Ubon Royal Thai Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udon_Thani_International_Airport=Udon Thani International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U-Tapao_Royal_Thai_Navy_Airfield=U-Tapao Royal Thai Navy Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humacao_Airport=Humacao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Uplands=CFB Uplands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranland_Airport=Cranland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katama_Airpark=Katama Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlboro_Airport=Marlboro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Cod_Airfield=Cape Cod Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_Island_Airport=Plum Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northampton_Airport=Northampton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Airport=Sterling Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minute_Man_Air_Field=Minute Man Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turners_Falls_Airport=Turners Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshfield_Municipal_Airport_(Massachusetts)=Marshfield Municipal Airport (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitchburg_Municipal_Airport=Fitchburg Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Municipal_Airport=Orange Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udorn_Royal_Thai_Air_Force_Base=Udorn Royal Thai Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saipan_International_Airport=Saipan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinian_International_Airport=Tinian International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rota_International_Airport=Rota International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pago_Pago_International_Airport=Pago Pago International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colby_Municipal_Airport=Colby Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleville_Municipal_Airport=Belleville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffeyville_Municipal_Airport=Coffeyville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blosser_Municipal_Airport=Blosser Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Jack_Thomas/El_Dorado_Airport=Captain Jack Thomas/El Dorado Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emporia_Municipal_Airport=Emporia Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodland_Municipal_Airport=Goodland Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herington_Regional_Airport=Herington Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmani_International_Airport=Osmani International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dipolog_Airport=Dipolog Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Westcott=RAF Westcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonaguni_Airport=Yonaguni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Isle_Airport=Fair Isle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffiss_Air_Force_Base=Griffiss Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuerteventura_Airport=Fuerteventura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibulan_Airport=Sibulan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguindingan_Airport=Laguindingan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaitaia_Airport=Kaitaia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenzing-Hillary_Airport=Tenzing-Hillary Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alghero-Fertilia_Airport=Alghero-Fertilia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miskolc_Airport=Miskolc Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Airport_(Arizona)=Taylor Airport (Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Airfield=Ryan Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Window_Rock_Airport=Window Rock Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svalbard_Airport,_Longyear=Svalbard Airport, Longyear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn_University_Regional_Airport=Auburn University Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpang_Airport=Simpang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Waltham_Airfield=White Waltham Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington-Virginia_Airport=Washington-Virginia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skien_Airport,_Geiteryggen=Skien Airport, Geiteryggen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_Zayed_International_Airport_(Rahim_Yar_Khan)=Shaikh Zayed International Airport (Rahim Yar Khan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_Airport_(Isles_of_Scilly)=St Mary's Airport (Isles of Scilly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retford_Gamston_Airport=Retford Gamston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sombor_Airport=Sombor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airlake_Airport=Airlake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Airport_(Minnesota)=Crystal Airport (Minnesota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pease_Air_National_Guard_Base=Pease Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_Municipal_Airport_(Washington)=Arlington Municipal Airport (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester_Airport,_England=Rochester Airport, England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khrabrovo_Airport=Khrabrovo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Field=Duke Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joint_Base_Balad=Joint Base Balad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawarden_Airport=Hawarden Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Kaunda_International_Airport=Kenneth Kaunda International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turin_Airport=Turin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lille_Airport=Lille Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abruzzo_Airport=Abruzzo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cagliari_Elmas_Airport=Cagliari Elmas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbat_International_Airport=Turbat International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Springs_Airport=Alice Springs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennant_Creek_Airport=Tennant Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samarkand_International_Airport=Samarkand International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marinduque_Airport=Marinduque Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godofredo_P._Ramos_Airport=Godofredo P. Ramos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bassingbourn=RAF Bassingbourn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogle_Airport=Ogle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novi_Sad_Airport=Novi Sad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danbury_Municipal_Airport=Danbury Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sary-Arka_Airport=Sary-Arka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolac_Airport=Dolac Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gjakova_Airfield=Gjakova Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyonlands_Field=Canyonlands Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernal_Regional_Airport=Vernal Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visby_Airport=Visby Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronneby_Airport=Ronneby Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trstenik_Airport=Trstenik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukhara_International_Airport=Bukhara International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumbia_Airport=Lumbia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Santos_International_Airport=General Santos International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loakan_Airport=Loakan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awang_Airport=Awang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Princesa_International_Airport=Puerto Princesa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose_Airport_(Mindoro)=San Jose Airport (Mindoro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Z._Romualdez_Airport=Daniel Z. Romualdez Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_B._Reyes_Airport=Francisco B. Reyes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leskovac_Airport=Leskovac Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicosia_International_Airport=Nicosia International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuguegarao_Airport=Tuguegarao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calbayog_Airport=Calbayog Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catarman_National_Airport=Catarman National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalibo_International_Airport=Kalibo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moises_R._Espinosa_Airport=Moises R. Espinosa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagadian_Airport=Pagadian Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulino_State_Airport=Mulino State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing_Jiangbei_International_Airport=Chongqing Jiangbei International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannheim_City_Airport=Mannheim City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramat_David_Airbase=Ramat David Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Perry_Airport=North Perry Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Christian_Andersen_Airport=Hans Christian Andersen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renton_Municipal_Airport=Renton Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenmore_Air_Harbor=Kenmore Air Harbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Chiang_Rai_Airport=Old Chiang Rai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPage_Airport=DuPage Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queenstown_Airport=Queenstown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballina_Byron_Gateway_Airport=Ballina Byron Gateway Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coastal_Carolina_Regional_Airport=Coastal Carolina Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrichshafen_Airport=Friedrichshafen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaunas_Airport=Kaunas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberporth_Airport=Aberporth Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Block_Island_State_Airport=Block Island State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langkawi_International_Airport=Langkawi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JAGS_McCartney_International_Airport=JAGS McCartney International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westray_Airport=Westray Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erbil_International_Airport=Erbil International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_Airport=Ramona Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parafield_Airport=Parafield Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_County_Airport=Los Alamos County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taos_Regional_Airport=Taos Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamezia_Terme_International_Airport=Lamezia Terme International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brescia_Airport=Brescia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allah_Valley_Airport=Allah Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haverfordwest_Aerodrome=Haverfordwest Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Airport_(Scotland)=Perth Airport (Scotland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napa_County_Airport=Napa County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokol_Airport=Sokol Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Stornoway=RAF Stornoway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patillas_Airport=Patillas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairns_Army_Airfield=Cairns Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redstone_Army_Airfield=Redstone Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuscaloosa_Regional_Airport=Tuscaloosa Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnie_Airport=Burnie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig/Halle_Airport=Leipzig/Halle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springdale_Municipal_Airport=Springdale Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chino_Airport=Chino Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barstow-Daggett_Airport=Barstow-Daggett Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Gabriel_Valley_Airport=San Gabriel Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresno_Chandler_Executive_Airport=Fresno Chandler Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_Municipal_Airport_(California)=Hawthorne Municipal Airport (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brackett_Field=Brackett Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamitos_Army_Airfield=Los Alamitos Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Base_Ventura_County=Naval Base Ventura County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angads_Airport=Angads Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santander_Airport=Santander Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_de_Compostela_Airport=Santiago de Compostela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valladolid_Airport=Valladolid Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitoria_Airport=Vitoria Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaragoza_Airport=Zaragoza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicol_International_Airport=Bicol International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Peace_Garden_Airport=International Peace Garden Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Real_Central_Airport=Ciudad Real Central Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvington_Airport=Kelvington Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snap_Lake_Airport=Snap Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemess_Creek_Airport=Kemess Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Municipal_Airport=Riverside Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Garros_Airport=Roland Garros Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N'Djamena_International_Airport=N'Djamena International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gweru-Thornhill_Air_Base=Gweru-Thornhill Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcassonne_Airport=Carcassonne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Said_Ibrahim_International_Airport=Prince Said Ibrahim International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Regional_Airport=Norfolk Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Island_Airport=King Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devonport_Airport=Devonport Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrizozo_Municipal_Airport=Carrizozo Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Executive_Airport=Henderson Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonopah_Airport=Tonopah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benina_International_Airport=Benina International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Sultan_Air_Base=Prince Sultan Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_Airport=Carson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spadaro_Airport=Spadaro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Hampton_Airport=East Hampton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_County_Airport=Genesee County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montauk_Airport=Montauk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schenectady_County_Airport=Schenectady County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookhaven_Airport=Brookhaven Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flinders_Island_Airport=Flinders Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovaniemi_Airport=Rovaniemi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagbilaran_Airport=Tagbilaran Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeler-Sack_Army_Airfield=Wheeler-Sack Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bancasi_Airport=Bancasi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanga-Sanga_Airport=Sanga-Sanga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-County_Airport_(North_Carolina)=Tri-County Airport (North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-County_Regional_Airport=Tri-County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concord_Regional_Airport=Concord Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Person_County_Airport=Person County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raleigh_Exec=Raleigh Exec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gol_Airport,_Klanten=Gol Airport, Klanten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aden_Adde_International_Airport=Aden Adde International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Gorge_Regional_Airport=Columbia Gorge Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMAF_Butterworth=RMAF Butterworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati_Municipal_Lunken_Airport=Cincinnati Municipal Lunken Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_University_Airport=Ohio State University Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Lahm_Regional_Airport=Mansfield Lahm Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Seaplane_Base=Craig Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eek_Airport=Eek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmonak_Airport=Emmonak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Yukon_Airport=Fort Yukon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Oklahoma_Westheimer_Airport=University of Oklahoma Westheimer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stillwater_Regional_Airport=Stillwater Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lloyd_Jones_Jr._Airport=Richard Lloyd Jones Jr. Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_Field=Wings Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithton_Airport=Smithton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_Field_Airport=Montgomery Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_Airport_(Pennsylvania)=York Airport (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mungalalu_Truscott_Airbase=Mungalalu Truscott Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_County_Airport=Richmond County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Salvador_Airport=San Salvador Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smyrna_Airport_(Tennessee)=Smyrna Airport (Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perrin_Air_Force_Base=Perrin Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiruna_Airport=Kiruna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlstad_Airport=Karlstad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Mabry_Field=Dale Mabry Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton-Sherman_Industrial_Airpark=Clinton-Sherman Industrial Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_International_Airport=Odessa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vance_W._Amory_International_Airport=Vance W. Amory International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford-Brainard_Airport=Hartford-Brainard Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterbury-Oxford_Airport=Waterbury-Oxford Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windham_Airport=Windham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielson_Airport=Danielson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lviv_Danylo_Halytskyi_International_Airport=Lviv Danylo Halytskyi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggio_Calabria_Airport=Reggio Calabria Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshoeshoe_I_International_Airport=Moshoeshoe I International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toussaint_Louverture_International_Airport=Toussaint Louverture International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeira_Airport=Madeira Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmyra_(Cooper)_Airport=Palmyra (Cooper) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berezovka_(airport)=Berezovka (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipswich_Airport=Ipswich Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kualanamu_International_Airport=Kualanamu International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamanca_Airport=Salamanca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_City_Municipal_Airport=Iowa City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valjevo_Airport=Valjevo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subotica_Airport=Subotica Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sremska_Mitrovica_Airport=Sremska Mitrovica Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dnipropetrovsk_International_Airport=Dnipropetrovsk International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulcinj_Airport=Ulcinj Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuzla_International_Airport=Tuzla International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bantayan_Airport=Bantayan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smederevska_Palanka_Airport=Smederevska Palanka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manassas_Regional_Airport=Manassas Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvidsjaur_Airport=Arvidsjaur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Helens_Airport=St Helens Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammerfest_Airport=Hammerfest Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narvik_Airport,_Framnes=Narvik Airport, Framnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_International_Airport=Rajiv Gandhi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena_Airport=Saint Helena Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simferopol_International_Airport=Simferopol International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donetsk_International_Airport=Donetsk International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucholz_Army_Airfield=Bucholz Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scatsta_Airport=Scatsta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_City_Municipal_Airport_(Maryland)=Ocean City Municipal Airport (Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumbolair=Jumbolair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangier_Ibn_Battouta_Airport=Tangier Ibn Battouta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Croft=RAF Croft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Scorton=RAF Scorton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Airport_(Dearborn)=Ford Airport (Dearborn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekiu_Airport=Sekiu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylark_Field=Skylark Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izumo_Airport=Izumo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bend_Municipal_Airport=West Bend Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockhampton_Airport=Rockhampton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ararat_Airport=Ararat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bairnsdale_Airport=Bairnsdale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballarat_Airport=Ballarat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benalla_Airport=Benalla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bendigo_Airport_(Victoria)=Bendigo Airport (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echuca_Airport=Echuca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Airport_(Victoria)=Hamilton Airport (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsham_Airport=Horsham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerang_Airport=Kerang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leongatha_Airport=Leongatha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallacoota_Airport=Mallacoota Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangalore_Airport_(Victoria)=Mangalore Airport (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryborough_Airport_(Victoria)=Maryborough Airport (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildura_Airport=Mildura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latrobe_Regional_Airport=Latrobe Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nhill_Airport=Nhill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbost_Airport=Orbost Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Airport_(Victoria)=Portland Airport (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepparton_Airport=Shepparton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stawell_Airport=Stawell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Hill_Airport=Swan Hill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Sale_Airport=West Sale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wangaratta_Airport=Wangaratta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warracknabeal_Airport=Warracknabeal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrnambool_Airport=Warrnambool Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarrawonga_Airport=Yarrawonga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pune_Airport=Pune Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Airbase=Ramon Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llanbedr_Airport=Llanbedr Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Mayensfield=Jan Mayensfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achmad_Yani_International_Airport=Achmad Yani International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardufoss_Airport=Bardufoss Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinton-in-the-Hedges_Airfield=Hinton-in-the-Hedges Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erding_Air_Base=Erding Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumy_Airport=Sumy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landsberg-Lech_Air_Base=Landsberg-Lech Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lt._Warren_Eaton_Airport=Lt. Warren Eaton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse_Suburban_Airport=Syracuse Suburban Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williston_Municipal_Airport=Williston Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neubiberg_Air_Base=Neubiberg Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaa_Airport=Anaa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arapoti_Airport=Arapoti Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Ghaydah_Airport=Al Ghaydah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tours_Val_de_Loire_Airport=Tours Val de Loire Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocala_International_Airport=Ocala International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunnellon/Marion_County_Airport=Dunnellon/Marion County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rene_Mouawad_Air_Base=Rene Mouawad Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladd_Army_Airfield=Ladd Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanga_Airport=Tanga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky_Airport=Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandahar_International_Airport=Kandahar International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Portsmouth_Regional_Airport=Greater Portsmouth Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herat_International_Airport=Herat International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Whitted_Airport=Albert Whitted Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainka_(air_base)=Ukrainka (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leesburg_Executive_Airport=Leesburg Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poprad-Tatry_Airport=Poprad-Tatry Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hualien_Airport=Hualien Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Tontouta_International_Airport=La Tontouta International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mactan-Benito_Ebuen_Air_Base=Mactan-Benito Ebuen Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safdarjung_Airport=Safdarjung Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Station_Group_Banak=Station Group Banak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Keys_Marathon_Airport=Florida Keys Marathon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Falls_Municipal_Airport=Granite Falls Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAF_Base_Shahbaz=PAF Base Shahbaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAF_Base_M.M._Alam=PAF Base M.M. Alam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAF_Base_Mushaf=PAF Base Mushaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Airport_Harni=Civil Airport Harni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haines_Airport=Haines Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_County_Airport_(North_Carolina)=Jackson County Airport (North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn/Lewiston_Municipal_Airport=Auburn/Lewiston Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydd_Airport=Lydd Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Air_Base=Ali Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland_Linder_Regional_Airport=Lakeland Linder Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Lakeland_Airport=South Lakeland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hotham_Airport=Mount Hotham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zephyrhills_Municipal_Airport=Zephyrhills Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newman_Airport=Newman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schuylkill_County_Airport=Schuylkill County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkin_Municipal_Airport=Elkin Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maquehue_Airport=Maquehue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Thanh_International_Airport=Long Thanh International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong_Hoi_Airport=Dong Hoi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanaka_Airport=Wanaka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soesterberg_Air_Base=Soesterberg Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont-Ferrand_Auvergne_Airport=Clermont-Ferrand Auvergne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Airport_(New_South_Wales)=Camden Airport (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madang_Airport=Madang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Carnaby=RAF Carnaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakynthos_International_Airport=Zakynthos International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannakhet_Airport=Savannakhet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanesville_Municipal_Airport=Zanesville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plattsburgh_Air_Force_Base=Plattsburgh Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaragoza_Air_Base=Zaragoza Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Isa_Airport=Mount Isa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Barrier_Reef_Airport=Great Barrier Reef Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hervey_Bay_Airport=Hervey Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierrefonds_Airport=Pierrefonds Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_George_Airport=Auguste George Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loei_Airport=Loei Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandalay_International_Airport=Mandalay International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Hemswell=RAF Hemswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandalay_Chanmyathazi_Airport=Mandalay Chanmyathazi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_County_Cherryland_Airport=Door County Cherryland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Gore_Eco_Airpark=East Gore Eco Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatchet_Lake_Airport=Hatchet Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unalakleet_Airport=Unalakleet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasba_Lake_Airport=Kasba Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanbu_Airport=Yanbu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow_Airpark=Lucknow Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick_Municipal_Airport=Warwick Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skagway_Airport=Skagway Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavus_Airport=Gustavus Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoonah_Airport=Hoonah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer_Municipal_Airport=Palmer Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakataga_Airport=Yakataga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulkana_Airport=Gulkana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGrath_Airport=McGrath Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nenana_Municipal_Airport=Nenana Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northway_Airport=Northway Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_M._Calhoun_Memorial_Airport=Ralph M. Calhoun Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Azlan_Shah_Airport=Sultan Azlan Shah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Abdul_Halim_Airport=Sultan Abdul Halim Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malacca_International_Airport=Malacca International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Mahmud_Airport=Sultan Mahmud Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Ismail_Petra_Airport=Sultan Ismail Petra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labuan_Airport=Labuan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Haji_Ahmad_Shah_Airport=Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhuj_Airport=Bhuj Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykolaiv_Airport=Mykolaiv Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertson_Field_(Connecticut)=Robertson Field (Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivano-Frankivsk_International_Airport=Ivano-Frankivsk International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albury_Airport=Albury Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Island_Airport=Christmas Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Weald_Airfield=North Weald Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhuj_Rudra_Mata_Air_Force_Base=Bhuj Rudra Mata Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivne_International_Airport=Rivne International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkiv_International_Airport=Kharkiv International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Faldingworth=RAF Faldingworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katowice-Muchowiec_Airport=Katowice-Muchowiec Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_Bonet_Aerodrome=Son Bonet Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notodden_Airport,_Tuven=Notodden Airport, Tuven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamad_International_Airport=Hamad International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrow_County_Airport=Barrow County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juanda_International_Airport=Juanda International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnodar_International_Airport=Krasnodar International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Luis_Aerodrome=San Luis Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Beach_Water_Airport=Palm Beach Water Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Airport_(Indiana)=Lowell Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porter_County_Regional_Airport=Porter County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_State_University_Airport=Kent State University Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._K._Kellogg_Airport=W. K. Kellogg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_Jewett_Field=Mason Jewett Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_WV_Regional_Airport=Eastern WV Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Field_(Michigan)=Brooks Field (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nausori_International_Airport=Nausori International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Harrington=RAF Harrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moi_International_Airport=Moi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massawa_International_Airport=Massawa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hargeisa_International_Airport=Hargeisa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narimanovo_Airport=Narimanovo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogashevo_Airport=Bogashevo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterborough_Business_Airport=Peterborough Business Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrewsfield_Aerodrome=Andrewsfield Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enniskillen/St_Angelo_Airport=Enniskillen/St Angelo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chania_International_Airport=Chania International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abeid_Amani_Karume_International_Airport=Abeid Amani Karume International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troll_Airfield=Troll Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajaccio_Napoleon_Bonaparte_Airport=Ajaccio Napoleon Bonaparte Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gratiot_Community_Airport=Gratiot Community Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Michigan_Regional_Airport=Southwest Michigan Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuscola_Area_Airport=Tuscola Area Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaylord_Regional_Airport=Gaylord Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladwin_Zettel_Memorial_Airport=Gladwin Zettel Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayling_Army_Airfield=Grayling Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padgham_Field=Padgham Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbor_Springs_Municipal_Airport=Harbor Springs Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston_County_Spencer_J._Hardy_Airport=Livingston County Spencer J. Hardy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackinac_Island_Airport=Mackinac Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitsunday_Coast_Airport=Whitsunday Coast Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Kings_Cliffe=RAF Kings Cliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birjand_International_Airport=Birjand International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg_Finkenwerder_Airport=Hamburg Finkenwerder Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xangongo_Airport=Xangongo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurghada_International_Airport=Hurghada International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khabarovsk_Novy_Airport=Khabarovsk Novy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolly_Grant_Airport=Jolly Grant Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_Down=Aston Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiheke_Island_Aerodrome=Waiheke Island Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointe_Noire_Airport=Pointe Noire Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baikal_International_Airport=Baikal International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sha_Tin_Airfield=Sha Tin Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxeuil_Air_Base=Luxeuil Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangalore_Airport_(India)=Mangalore Airport (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokpriya_Gopinath_Bordoloi_International_Airport=Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thruxton_Aerodrome=Thruxton Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascot_Racecourse_Heliport=Ascot Racecourse Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beccles_Airport=Beccles Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrow/Walney_Island_Airport=Barrow/Walney Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverley/Linley_Hill_Airfield=Beverley/Linley Hill Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheltenham_Racecourse_Heliport=Cheltenham Racecourse Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourn_Airfield=Bourn Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caernarfon_Airport=Caernarfon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chichester/Goodwood_Airport=Chichester/Goodwood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodmin_Airfield=Bodmin Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derby_Airfield=Derby Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlisle_Lake_District_Airport=Carlisle Lake District Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaglescott_Airfield=Eaglescott Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodwood_Racecourse_Heliport=Goodwood Racecourse Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fife_Airport=Fife Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clacton_Airport=Clacton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eday_Airport=Eday Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denham_Aerodrome=Denham Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumbernauld_Airport=Cumbernauld Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panshanger_Aerodrome=Panshanger Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wickenby_Aerodrome=Wickenby Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shobdon_Aerodrome=Shobdon Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newtownards_Airport=Newtownards Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Ronaldsay_Airport=North Ronaldsay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodford_Aerodrome=Woodford Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lashenden_(Headcorn)_Airfield=Lashenden (Headcorn) Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Buckenham_Airport=Old Buckenham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seething_Airfield=Seething Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Westray_Airport=Papa Westray Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penzance_Heliport=Penzance Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalgrove_Airfield=Chalgrove Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterborough/Sibson_Airport=Peterborough/Sibson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perranporth_Airfield=Perranporth Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hucknall_Aerodrome=Hucknall Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Sarum_Airfield=Old Sarum Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_Wight/Sandown_Airport=Isle of Wight/Sandown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warton_Aerodrome=Warton Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bembridge_Airport=Bembridge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanday_Airport=Sanday Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherburn-in-Elmet_Airfield=Sherburn-in-Elmet Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redhill_Aerodrome=Redhill Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandtoft_Airfield=Sandtoft Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton_Abbas_Airfield=Compton Abbas Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverstone_Heliport=Silverstone Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleap_Airfield=Sleap Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenland_Airfield=Fenland Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Gransden_Airfield=Little Gransden Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatenhill_Airfield=Tatenhill Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronsay_Airport=Stronsay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truro_Aerodrome=Truro Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresco_Heliport=Tresco Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elstree_Airfield=Elstree Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welshpool_Airport=Welshpool Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeovil/Westland_Airport=Yeovil/Westland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherthorpe_Airfield=Netherthorpe Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Sutton_Airfield=Full Sutton Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellesbourne_Mountford_Airfield=Wellesbourne Mountford Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colerne_Airfield=Colerne Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oban_Airport=Oban Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brough_Aerodrome=Brough Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ufa_International_Airport=Ufa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duxford_Aerodrome=Duxford Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Leiston=RAF Leiston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabriz_International_Airport=Tabriz International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laupheim_Air_Base=Laupheim Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vung_Tau_Airport=Vung Tau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faleolo_International_Airport=Faleolo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosecrans_Air_National_Guard_Base=Rosecrans Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Islands_International_Airport=Marshall Islands International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Usworth=RAF Usworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsh_Harbour_Airport=Marsh Harbour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andros_Town_International_Airport=Andros Town International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bornholm_Airport=Bornholm Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maputo_International_Airport=Maputo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._T._Joshua_Airport=E. T. Joshua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocos_(Keeling)_Islands_Airport=Cocos (Keeling) Islands Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceport_America=Spaceport America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhon_Phanom_Airport=Nakhon Phanom Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koksijde_Air_Base=Koksijde Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bader_Field=Bader Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trang_Airport=Trang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heston_Aerodrome=Heston Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaadedhdhoo_Airport=Kaadedhdhoo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephrata_Municipal_Airport=Ephrata Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCall_Municipal_Airport=McCall Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemhi_County_Airport=Lemhi County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gia_Lam_Airport=Gia Lam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placerville_Airport=Placerville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary's_County_Regional_Airport=St. Mary's County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn_Municipal_Airport_(California)=Auburn Municipal Airport (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Sierra_Regional_Airport=Eastern Sierra Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blythe_Airport=Blythe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borrego_Valley_Airport=Borrego Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Airpark=Cameron Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Coalinga_Municipal_Airport=New Coalinga Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corning_Municipal_Airport_(California)=Corning Municipal Airport (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corona_Municipal_Airport=Corona Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yolo_County_Airport=Yolo County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furnace_Creek_Airport=Furnace Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delano_Municipal_Airport=Delano Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Field=Murray Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Field_(California)=Franklin Field (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Sumburgh=RAF Sumburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millington_Regional_Jetport=Millington Regional Jetport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Sanford=Naval Air Station Sanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atka_Airport=Atka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_City_Airport=Circle City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egegik_Airport=Egegik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Cross_Airport=Holy Cross Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman_Army_Airfield=Sherman Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanford_Municipal_Airport=Hanford Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkins_Field=Perkins Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesquite_Airport=Mesquite Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Bay_Airport=Echo Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidwell_Airport=Kidwell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searchlight_Airport=Searchlight Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Ranch_Airport_(Nevada)=Sky Ranch Airport (Nevada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Airport=Jean Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Syarif_Kasim_II_International_Airport=Sultan Syarif Kasim II International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golovin_Airport=Golovin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasigluk_Airport=Kasigluk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambell_Airport=Gambell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooper_Bay_Airport=Hooper Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalskag_Airport=Kalskag Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollister_Municipal_Airport=Hollister Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Airport=Independence Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa_Del_Rey_Airport=Mesa Del Rey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Vining_Airport=Lee Vining Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Pine_Airport=Lone Pine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ta'izz_International_Airport=Ta'izz International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerington_Municipal_Airport=Yerington Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madera_Municipal_Airport=Madera Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammoth_Yosemite_Airport=Mammoth Yosemite Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Municipal_Airport=Marina Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariposa-Yosemite_Airport=Mariposa-Yosemite Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirak_Airport=Shirak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandakan_Airport=Sandakan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilopango_International_Airport=Ilopango International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosaschi_Air_Park=Rosaschi Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Springs_Airport=Silver Springs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamo_Landing_Field=Alamo Landing Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Boxted=RAF Boxted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heringsdorf_Airport=Heringsdorf Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyer_Airport=Dyer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owyhee_Airport=Owyhee Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakse_International_Airport=Pakse International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Andrews_Field=RAF Andrews Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Airport=Austin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_County_Airport=Lincoln County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackass_Aeropark=Jackass Aeropark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Winnipeg=CFB Winnipeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_St_Eval=RAF St Eval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackpot_Airport=Jackpot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldfield_Airport=Goldfield Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_Airport_(Nevada)=Eureka Airport (Nevada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulder_City_Municipal_Airport=Boulder City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurangabad_Airport=Aurangabad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_Nicobar_Air_Force_Base=Car Nicobar Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuddapah_Airport=Cuddapah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donakonda_Airport=Donakonda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_Academy,_Dundigul=Air Force Academy, Dundigul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lal_Bahadur_Shastri_Airport=Lal Bahadur Shastri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaya_Airport=Gaya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sathya_Sai_Airport=Sri Sathya Sai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajahmundry_Airport=Rajahmundry Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirupati_Airport=Tirupati Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijayawada_Airport=Vijayawada Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_County_Regional_Airport=Portage County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenikon_Air_Base=Hellenikon Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warangal_Airport=Warangal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadley_Airport=Hadley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatty_Airport=Beatty Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Airport=Along Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daporijo_Airport=Daporijo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimapur_Airport=Dimapur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasighat_Airport=Pasighat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tezu_Airport=Tezu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Airport=Zero Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallon_Municipal_Airport=Fallon Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kailashahar_Airport=Kailashahar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibrugarh_Airport=Dibrugarh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chabua_Air_Force_Station=Chabua Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorhat_Airport=Jorhat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tezpur_Airport=Tezpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silchar_Airport=Silchar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilabari_Airport=Lilabari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governor_Francisco_Gabrielli_International_Airport=Governor Francisco Gabrielli International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClellan_Airfield=McClellan Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabbs_Airport=Gabbs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_Industrial_Airport=Hawthorne Industrial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derby_Field=Derby Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Lucie_County_International_Airport=St. Lucie County International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Springs_Airport=Spanish Springs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Airport_(Nevada)=Empire Airport (Nevada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapiti_Coast_Airport=Kapiti Coast Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raxaul_Airport=Raxaul Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purnea_Airport=Purnea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzaffarpur_Airport=Muzaffarpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan_Tianhe_International_Airport=Wuhan Tianhe International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kipnuk_Airport=Kipnuk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongiganak_Airport=Kongiganak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuiqsut_Airport=Nuiqsut Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinhagak_Airport=Quinhagak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleppo_International_Airport=Aleppo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento_Executive_Airport=Sacramento Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento_Mather_Airport=Sacramento Mather Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qamdo_Bamda_Airport=Qamdo Bamda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparta/Fort_McCoy_Airport=Sparta/Fort McCoy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise_Municipal_Airport_(Alabama)=Enterprise Municipal Airport (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Edwards_Airport=Jack Edwards Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyadh_Air_Base=Riyadh Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longville_Municipal_Airport=Longville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thargomindah_Airport=Thargomindah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange-Caritat_Air_Base=Orange-Caritat Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quepos_La_Managua_Airport=Quepos La Managua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Auxiliary_Airfield=North Auxiliary Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Boudiaf_International_Airport=Mohamed Boudiaf International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moser_Bay_Seaplane_Base=Moser Bay Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Bailey_Seaplane_Base=Port Bailey Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alitak_Seaplane_Base=Alitak Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_(Uganik)_Seaplane_Base=San Juan (Uganik) Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolski_Air_Station=Nikolski Air Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icy_Bay_Airport=Icy Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amook_Bay_Seaplane_Base=Amook Bay Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Airport=Central Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatham_Seaplane_Base=Chatham Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funter_Bay_Seaplane_Base=Funter Bay Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisana_Airport=Chisana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican_Seaplane_Base=Pelican Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elfin_Cove_Seaplane_Base=Elfin Cove Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excursion_Inlet_Seaplane_Base=Excursion Inlet Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Creek_Airport=May Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCarthy_Airport=McCarthy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healy_River_Airport=Healy River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydaburg_Seaplane_Base=Hydaburg Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karluk_Airport=Karluk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manley_Hot_Springs_Airport=Manley Hot Springs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minto_Al_Wright_Airport=Minto Al Wright Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Alexander_Seaplane_Base=Port Alexander Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Alabama_Regional_Airport=South Alabama Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touat-Cheikh_Sidi_Mohamed_Belkebir_Airport=Touat-Cheikh Sidi Mohamed Belkebir Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bodden_Airfield=Edward Bodden Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_Airport=Chandigarh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristides_Pereira_International_Airport=Aristides Pereira International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maio_Airport=Maio Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komatsu_Airport=Komatsu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagdalpur_Airport=Jagdalpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilaspur_Airport=Bilaspur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Vivekananda_Airport=Swami Vivekananda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuneo_International_Airport=Cuneo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daman_Airport=Daman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diu_Airport=Diu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felts_Field=Felts Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Great_Dunmow=RAF Great Dunmow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Chipping_Ongar=RAF Chipping Ongar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacio_Agramonte_International_Airport=Ignacio Agramonte International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Roberts_Airpark=Point Roberts Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Bend_International_Airport=South Bend International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tainan_Airport=Tainan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anson_County_Airport=Anson County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnemucca_Municipal_Airport=Winnemucca Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Municipal_Airport_(Nevada)=Wells Municipal Airport (Nevada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlef_International_Airport=Chlef International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weerawila_Airport=Weerawila Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuba_County_Airport=Yuba County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robert_Johnston_Municipal_Airport=William Robert Johnston Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siskiyou_County_Airport=Siskiyou County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Keevil=RAF Keevil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Crosby-on-Eden=RAF Crosby-on-Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Kankakee_Airport=Greater Kankakee Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_City_Municipal_Airport=Forest City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Field_Airport=Lane Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hicks_Airfield=Hicks Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourland_Field=Bourland Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Park-Dallas_Airport=Air Park-Dallas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivato_International_Airport=Ivato International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnsons_Strawberry_Farm_Airport=Johnsons Strawberry Farm Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jijel_Ferhat_Abbas_Airport=Jijel Ferhat Abbas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willows-Glenn_County_Airport=Willows-Glenn County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukiah_Municipal_Airport=Ukiah Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bermuda_Dunes_Airport=Bermuda Dunes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tahoe_Airport=Lake Tahoe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamperini_Field=Zamperini Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twentynine_Palms_Airport=Twentynine Palms Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mefford_Field_Airport=Mefford Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Municipal_Airport_(California)=Tracy Municipal Airport (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanville_Municipal_Airport=Susanville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salton_Sea_Airport=Salton Sea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulaimaniyah_International_Airport=Sulaimaniyah International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman_Civil_Airport=Amman Civil Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turweston_Aerodrome=Turweston Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascais_Aerodrome=Cascais Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borg_El_Arab_Airport=Borg El Arab Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffs_Harbour_Airport=Coffs Harbour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanly_County_Airport=Stanly County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakutsk_Airport=Yakutsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalaman_Airport=Dalaman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oamaru_Airport=Oamaru Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trabzon_Airport=Trabzon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Carolina_Regional_Airport=Western Carolina Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asheboro_Regional_Airport=Asheboro Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murmansk_Airport=Murmansk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talagi_Airport=Talagi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariehamn_Airport=Mariehamn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Prairie_Armed_Forces_Reserve_Complex=Grand Prairie Armed Forces Reserve Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubli_Airport=Hubli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysore_Airport=Mysore Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgaum_Airport=Belgaum Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijapur_Airport=Bijapur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_Hong_Son_Airport=Mae Hong Son Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont_Airport=Belmont Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendover_Airport=Wendover Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Louis_Downtown_Airport=St. Louis Downtown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Illinois_Airport=Southern Illinois Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Field=Roberts Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yichang_Sanxia_Airport=Yichang Sanxia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood_Lake_Airport=Greenwood Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain_Beida_Airport=Ain Beida Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caniapiscau_Aerodrome=Caniapiscau Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaglesham_(South)_Aerodrome=Eaglesham (South) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_(South)_Aerodrome=Viking (South) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lae_Nadzab_Airport=Lae Nadzab Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abadan_Airport=Abadan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Municipal_Airport=Houston Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice_Municipal_Airport=Venice Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dala_Airport=Dala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northrepps_Aerodrome=Northrepps Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halmstad_Airport=Halmstad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristianstad_Airport=Kristianstad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Amenas_Airport=In Amenas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denton_Municipal_Airport=Denton Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukhumi_Babushara_Airport=Sukhumi Babushara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taichung_Airport=Taichung Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olenya_(air_base)=Olenya (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugolny_Airport=Ugolny Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pevek_Airport=Pevek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Metheringham=RAF Metheringham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amderma_Airport=Amderma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provideniya_Bay_Airport=Provideniya Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alykel_Airport=Alykel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdagachi_Airport=Magdagachi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnaul_Airport=Barnaul Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgorod_International_Airport=Belgorod International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignatyevo_Airport=Ignatyevo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratsk_Airport=Bratsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chokurdakh_Airport=Chokurdakh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chulman_Airport=Chulman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazan_International_Airport=Kazan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemerovo_International_Airport=Kemerovo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pobedilovo_Airport=Pobedilovo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yemelyanovo_International_Airport=Yemelyanovo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineralnye_Vody_Airport=Mineralnye Vody Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirny_Airport=Mirny Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naryan-Mar_Airport=Naryan-Mar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunduz_Airport=Kunduz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhny_Novgorod_International_Airport=Nizhny Novgorod International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omsk_Tsentralny_Airport=Omsk Tsentralny Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penza_Airport=Penza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perm_International_Airport=Perm International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pskov_Airport=Pskov Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostov-on-Don_Airport=Rostov-on-Don Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurumoch_International_Airport=Kurumoch International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgut_International_Airport=Surgut International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syktyvkar_Airport=Syktyvkar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukhta_Airport=Ukhta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beslan_Airport=Beslan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volgograd_International_Airport=Volgograd International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voronezh_International_Airport=Voronezh International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadala_Airport=Kadala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burevestnik_Airport=Burevestnik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolinsk-Sokol=Dolinsk-Sokol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresba=Dresba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afrikanda_air_base=Afrikanda air base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severomorsk-2=Severomorsk-2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severomorsk-3_(air_base)=Severomorsk-3 (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharomy=Sharomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greem_Bell=Greem Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagurskoye=Nagurskoye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chekurovka=Chekurovka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koshka_Yavr=Koshka Yavr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haigh_Field_Airport=Haigh Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceanside_Municipal_Airport=Oceanside Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardeh_Band_Airport=Sardeh Band Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Smith_Field=Michael J. Smith Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxson_Airfield=Maxson Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheghnan_Airport=Sheghnan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Nubia_Airport=La Nubia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denton_Airport=Denton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Ynez_Airport=Santa Ynez Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirovsk-Apatity_Airport=Kirovsk-Apatity Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monchegorsk_(air_base)=Monchegorsk (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igarka_Airport=Igarka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iul'tin_Airport=Iul'tin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usinsk_Airport=Usinsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salekhard_Airport=Salekhard Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novy_Urengoy_Airport=Novy Urengoy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moma_Airport=Moma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engozero_(airport)=Engozero (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pechora_Kamenka=Pechora Kamenka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pechora_Airport=Pechora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadym_Airport=Nadym Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zyryanka_West_Airport=Zyryanka West Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letneozersky=Letneozersky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noyabrsk_Airport=Noyabrsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilyuysk_Airport=Vilyuysk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maysionvara=Maysionvara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kogalym_International_Airport=Kogalym International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raduzhny_Airport=Raduzhny Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suntar_Airport=Suntar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susuman_Airport=Susuman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterville_Robert_LaFleur_Airport=Waterville Robert LaFleur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_F._Knapp_State_Airport=Edward F. Knapp State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Island_Air_Force_Base=Johnston Island Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shindand_Air_Base=Shindand Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurmalitsy=Nurmalitsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmi_(air_base)=Salmi (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savatiya=Savatiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sovetsky_Airport=Sovetsky Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yugorsk_Sovetsky=Yugorsk Sovetsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khanty-Mansiysk_Airport=Khanty-Mansiysk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nefteyugansk_Airport=Nefteyugansk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelahanka_Air_Force_Station=Yelahanka Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakkur_Airfield=Jakkur Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellary_Airport=Bellary Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severo-Evensk_Airport=Severo-Evensk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uray_Airport=Uray Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strezhevoy_Airport=Strezhevoy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Key_West=Naval Air Station Key West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapa_Airfield=Tapa Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutja_Airfield=Rutja Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siversky_(air_base)=Siversky (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorelovo_(air_base)=Gorelovo (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chudovo_(air_base)=Chudovo (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherepovets_Airport=Cherepovets Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fedotovo_(air_base)=Fedotovo (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vologda_Airport=Vologda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavnagar_Airport=Bhavnagar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palana_Airport=Palana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurmsi_Airfield=Nurmsi Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suislepa_Airfield=Suislepa Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raadi_Airfield=Raadi Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandla_Airport=Kandla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bircotes=RAF Bircotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Ulm_Municipal_Airport=New Ulm Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gansner_Field=Gansner Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damyns_Hall_Aerodrome=Damyns Hall Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Ferit_Melen_Airport=Van Ferit Melen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_T._Piper_Memorial_Airport=William T. Piper Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Currituck_County_Regional_Airport=Currituck County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeastern_Regional_Airport=Northeastern Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_L._Brown_Jr._Field=Curtis L. Brown Jr. Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smuravyevo=Smuravyevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soltsy-2=Soltsy-2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_Airport=Mount Vernon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_Green-Warren_County_Regional_Airport=Bowling Green-Warren County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Ilimsk_Airport=Ust-Ilimsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Airport=Mama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbra_Airport=Coimbra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmachim_Airbase=Palmachim Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonidovo_(air_base)=Leonidovo (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vetrovoye=Vetrovoye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Flight_Airport=First Flight Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duplin_County_Airport=Duplin County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liepas_Air_Base=Liepas Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valga_Airfield=Valga Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrov_(air_base)=Ostrov (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krapivnya=Krapivnya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borisovsky_Khotilovo=Borisovsky Khotilovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorokhovo_(air_base)=Dorokhovo (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashua_Airport=Nashua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunoshna_Airport=Tunoshna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reshma_(air_base)=Reshma (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostroma_Airport=Kostroma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plekhanovo_Airport=Plekhanovo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roshchino_International_Airport=Roshchino International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirensk_Airport=Kirensk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreapol_(air_base)=Andreapol (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzhev_(air_base)=Rzhev (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Migalovo=Migalovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimry_Airport=Kimry Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sormovo_(airfield)=Sormovo (airfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pravdinsk_(air_base)=Pravdinsk (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izhevsk_Airport=Izhevsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamensk-Uralsky_air_base=Kamensk-Uralsky air base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_County_Airport=Martin County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charbatia_Air_Base=Charbatia Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achinsk_Airport=Achinsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansk_(air_base)=Kansk (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazachinskoe_Airport=Kazachinskoe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postavy=Postavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivas_Airport=Sivas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broome_International_Airport=Broome International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orenburg_Tsentralny_Airport=Orenburg Tsentralny Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratov_Tsentralny_Airport=Saratov Tsentralny Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uytash_Airport=Uytash Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyde_County_Airport=Hyde County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harnett_Regional_Jetport=Harnett Regional Jetport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Operations_Control_Station_Nieuw-Milligen=Air Operations Control Station Nieuw-Milligen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyazma_Airport=Vyazma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yermolino_Airport=Yermolino Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubinka_(air_base)=Kubinka (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tushino_airfield=Tushino airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khodynka_Aerodrome=Khodynka Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernoi=Chernoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramenskoye_Airport=Ramenskoye Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savasleyka_(air_base)=Savasleyka (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurgan_West=Kurgan West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurgan_Airport=Kurgan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verkhnaya_Zaimka=Verkhnaya Zaimka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marienkhof=Marienkhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernyakhovsk_(air_base)=Chernyakhovsk (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balbasovo=Balbasovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatalovo_(air_base)=Shatalovo (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolensk_South_Airport=Smolensk South Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolensk_North_Airport=Smolensk North Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaykovka=Shaykovka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabtsevo_Airport=Grabtsevo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klokovo=Klokovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyagilevo=Dyagilevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saransk_Airport=Saransk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulyanovsk_Vostochny_Airport=Ulyanovsk Vostochny Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulyanovsk_Baratayevka_Airport=Ulyanovsk Baratayevka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ufa_Maximovka_Airport=Ufa Maximovka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petropavl_Airport=Petropavl Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobrovichi=Bobrovichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luninets_(air_base)=Luninets (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gastonia_Municipal_Airport=Gastonia Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Municipal_Airport=Erie Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oryol_Yuzhny_Airport=Oryol Yuzhny Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipetsk_Airport=Lipetsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipetsk_Air_Base=Lipetsk Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michurinsk_(air_base)=Michurinsk (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tambov_Donskoye_Airport=Tambov Donskoye Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rtishchevo_(air_base)=Rtishchevo (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sennoy_(airport)=Sennoy (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totskoye_(air_base)=Totskoye (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavlodar_Airport=Pavlodar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukkurey=Ukkurey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovruch_(air_base)=Ovruch (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernihiv_Shestovitsa_Airport=Chernihiv Shestovitsa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernihiv_(air_base)=Chernihiv (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhyn_(air_base)=Nizhyn (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kursk_Vostochny_Airport=Kursk Vostochny Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voronezh_Malshevo=Voronezh Malshevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zherdevka_(air_base)=Zherdevka (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balashov_(air_base)=Balashov (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebedovo=Lebedovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oral_Ak_Zhol_Airport=Oral Ak Zhol Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashchebutak=Ashchebutak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atbasar_Airport=Atbasar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekibastuz_Airport=Ekibastuz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorno-Altaysk_Airport=Gorno-Altaysk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bada_(air_base)=Bada (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaksar=Karaksar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domna_(air_base)=Domna (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_(air_base)=Step (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlovka=Orlovka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutsk_Airport=Lutsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozerne_(air_base)=Ozerne (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borodianka_(air_base)=Borodianka (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev_Chaika_Airfield=Kiev Chaika Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sviatoshyn_Airfield=Sviatoshyn Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasylkiv_(air_base)=Vasylkiv (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pryluky_(air_base)=Pryluky (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkiv_North_Airport=Kharkiv North Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buturlinovka_(air_base)=Buturlinovka (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebyazhye_(air_base)=Lebyazhye (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aktobe_Airport=Aktobe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dombarovsky_(air_base)=Dombarovsky (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkalyk_Airport=Arkalyk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Martin_Airport=San Martin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semey_Airport=Semey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskemen_Airport=Oskemen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bezrechnaya-2=Bezrechnaya-2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khada_Bulak=Khada Bulak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vozzhayevka=Vozzhayevka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zavitinsk_(air_base)=Zavitinsk (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mengon=Mengon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komsomolsk-on-Amur_Airport=Komsomolsk-on-Amur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stryi_(air_base)=Stryi (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorient_South_Brittany_Airport=Lorient South Brittany Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ternopil_Airport=Ternopil Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khmelnytskyi_Airport=Khmelnytskyi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starokostiantyniv_(air_base)=Starokostiantyniv (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_County_Municipal_Airport=Columbus County Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashe_County_Airport=Ashe County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Executive_Jetport=Wayne Executive Jetport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Mitchell_Airport=Billy Mitchell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davidson_County_Airport=Davidson County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turlock_Municipal_Airport=Turlock Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoia_Field_Airport=Sequoia Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Sands_Space_Harbor=White Sands Space Harbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Ahilyabai_Holkar_Airport=Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birsa_Munda_Airport=Birsa Munda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_North_Executive_Airport=Triangle North Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumberton_Municipal_Airport=Lumberton Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglesey_Airport=Anglesey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Babasaheb_Ambedkar_International_Airport=Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Outlying_Field_Camp_Davis=Marine Corps Outlying Field Camp Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Bhoj_Airport=Raja Bhoj Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geilo_Airport,_Dagali=Geilo Airport, Dagali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dare_County_Regional_Airport=Dare County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_County_Airport=Rowan County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkes_County_Airport=Wilkes County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatti_Aerodrome=Agatti Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millville_Municipal_Airport=Millville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiruchirappalli_International_Airport=Tiruchirappalli International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madurai_Airport=Madurai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadhdhoo_Airport=Kadhdhoo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Shaka_International_Airport=King Shaka International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadowlark_Airport=Meadowlark Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazar-e_Sharif_International_Airport=Mazar-e Sharif International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Ibsley=RAF Ibsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalalabad_Airport=Jalalabad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zumbi_dos_Palmares_International_Airport=Zumbi dos Palmares International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bisterne=RAF Bisterne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavala_International_Airport=Kavala International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbatore_International_Airport=Coimbatore International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayzabad_Airport=Fayzabad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_May_Airport=Cape May Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingscote_Airport=Kingscote Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Fulbeck=RAF Fulbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Langar=RAF Langar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halim_Perdanakusuma_Airport=Halim Perdanakusuma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Genoveva_Airport=Santa Genoveva Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ormond_Beach_Municipal_Airport=Ormond Beach Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slatina_Air_Base=Slatina Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swakopmund_Airport=Swakopmund Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corryong_Airport=Corryong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Iskandar_Muda_International_Airport=Sultan Iskandar Muda International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Mahmud_Badaruddin_II_International_Airport=Sultan Mahmud Badaruddin II International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lansing_Municipal_Airport=Lansing Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahnewal_Airport=Sahnewal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Birch=RAF Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Gosfield=RAF Gosfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shafter_Airport=Shafter Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCook_Army_Air_Field=McCook Army Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_City_Regional_Airport=Elizabeth City Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miri_Airport=Miri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainsworth_Regional_Airport=Ainsworth Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmont_State_Airfield=Fairmont State Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_State_Airport=Harvard State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scribner_State_Airport=Scribner State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halwara_Air_Force_Station=Halwara Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambala_Air_Force_Station=Ambala Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnal_Flying_Club=Karnal Flying Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batticaloa_Airport=Batticaloa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampara_Airport=Ampara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaffna_Airport=Jaffna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katukurunda_Airport=Katukurunda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton_Airport=Fulton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piseco_Airport=Piseco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caye_Caulker_Airport=Caye Caulker Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caye_Chapel_Airport=Caye Chapel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corozal_Airport=Corozal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangriga_Airport=Dangriga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placencia_Airport=Placencia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Gorda_Airport_(Belize)=Punta Gorda Airport (Belize)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_Airport=San Pedro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belize_City_Municipal_Airport=Belize City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Creek_Airport_(Belize)=Big Creek Airport (Belize)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarteneja_Airport=Sarteneja Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barra_del_Colorado_Airport=Barra del Colorado Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortuguero_Airport=Tortuguero Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golfito_Airport=Golfito Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coto_47_Airport=Coto 47 Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmar_Sur_Airport=Palmar Sur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Islita_Airport=Punta Islita Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tambor_Airport=Tambor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrillo_Airport=Carrillo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosara_Airport=Nosara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamarindo_Airport=Tamarindo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Bay_Airport=Drake Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waspam_Airport=Waspam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siuna_Airport=Siuna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonanza_Airport=Bonanza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Cabezas_Airport=Puerto Cabezas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosita_Airport=Rosita Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefields_Airport=Bluefields Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corn_Island_Airport=Corn Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemi-Tornio_Airport=Kemi-Tornio Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navi_Mumbai_International_Airport=Navi Mumbai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buriram_Airport=Buriram Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canefield_Airport=Canefield Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilin_Liangjiang_International_Airport=Guilin Liangjiang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krabi_Airport=Krabi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selaparang_Airport=Selaparang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lismore_Airport=Lismore Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Howe_Island_Airport=Lord Howe Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakulla_County_Airport=Wakulla County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer_County_Regional_Airport=Mercer County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sihanoukville_International_Airport=Sihanoukville International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Colerne=RAF Colerne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liege/CNRL_Aerodrome=Liege/CNRL Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Station_Eagle_Mountain_Lake=Marine Corps Air Station Eagle Mountain Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich-Riem_Airport=Munich-Riem Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokkola-Pietarsaari_Airport=Kokkola-Pietarsaari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaasa_Airport=Vaasa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaporizhia_International_Airport=Zaporizhia International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Park_Aerodrome_(Manchester)=Alexandra Park Aerodrome (Manchester)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalanzadgad_Airport=Dalanzadgad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Garden_Airport=New Garden Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hullavington_Airfield=Hullavington Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Field_(Indiana)=Pope Field (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladstone_Airport=Gladstone Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Amalie_Harbor_Seaplane_Base=Charlotte Amalie Harbor Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestmannaeyjar_Airport=Vestmannaeyjar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faizabad_Airport=Faizabad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharm_el-Sheikh_International_Airport=Sharm el-Sheikh International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_Base_Langebaanweg=Air Force Base Langebaanweg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzhhorod_International_Airport=Uzhhorod International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khon_Kaen_Airport=Khon Kaen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lampang_Airport=Lampang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tullahoma_Regional_Airport=Tullahoma Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coles_County_Memorial_Airport=Coles County Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_River_Municipal_Airport=Fall River Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houlton_International_Airport=Houlton International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machias_Valley_Airport=Machias Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boudghene_Ben_Ali_Lotfi_Airport=Boudghene Ben Ali Lotfi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biskra_Airport=Biskra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordj_Mokhtar_Airport=Bordj Mokhtar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djanet_Inedbirene_Airport=Djanet Inedbirene Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsletsi_Airport=Tsletsi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Golea_Airport=El Golea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guemar_Airport=Guemar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takhamalt_Airport=Takhamalt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Salah_Airport=In Salah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdelhafid_Boussouf_Bou_Chekif_Airport=Abdelhafid Boussouf Bou Chekif Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidi_Mahdi_Airport=Sidi Mahdi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timimoun_Airport=Timimoun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassi_R'Mel_Airport=Hassi R'Mel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tindouf_Airport=Tindouf Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trat_Airport=Trat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bou_Saada_Airport=Bou Saada Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blida_Airport=Blida Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ondjiva_Pereira_Airport=Ondjiva Pereira Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malanje_Airport=Malanje Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menongue_Airport=Menongue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapanda_Airport=Kapanda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namibe_Airport=Namibe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catumbela_Airport=Catumbela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negage_Airport=Negage Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbanza_Congo_Airport=Mbanza Congo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabinda_Airport=Cabinda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubango_Airport=Lubango Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundo_Airport=Dundo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soyo_Airport=Soyo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francistown_Airport=Francistown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maun_Airport=Maun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selebi-Phikwe_Airport=Selebi-Phikwe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jwaneng_Airport=Jwaneng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moundou_Airport=Moundou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouani_Airport=Ouani Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbandaka_Airport=Mbandaka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goma_International_Airport=Goma International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubumbashi_International_Airport=Lubumbashi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindu_Airport=Kindu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muanda_Airport=Muanda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilebo_Airport=Ilebo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikwit_Airport=Kikwit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inongo_Airport=Inongo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nioki_Airport=Nioki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basango_Mboliasa_Airport=Basango Mboliasa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gbadolite_Airport=Gbadolite Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullahi_Yusuf_International_Airport=Abdullahi Yusuf International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burao_Airport=Burao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borama_Airport=Borama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noto_Airport=Noto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axum_Airport=Axum Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arba_Minch_Airport=Arba Minch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asosa_Airport=Asosa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahir_Dar_Airport=Bahir Dar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dembidolo_Airport=Dembidolo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combolcha_Airport=Combolcha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambela_Airport=Gambela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondar_Airport=Gondar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robe_Airport=Robe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jijiga_Airport=Jijiga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aba_Segud_Airport=Aba Segud Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baco_Airport=Baco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalibela_Airport=Lalibela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alula_Aba_Nega_Airport=Alula Aba Nega Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizan_Teferi_Airport=Mizan Teferi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port-Gentil_International_Airport=Port-Gentil International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruben_Cantu_Airport=Ruben Cantu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumasi_Airport=Kumasi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takoradi_Airport=Takoradi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanyuki_Airport=Nanyuki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewa_Airport=Lewa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisumu_International_Airport=Kisumu International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghadames_Airport=Ghadames Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kufra_Airport=Kufra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabha_Airport=Sabha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobruk_Airport=Tobruk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misrata_Airport=Misrata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analalava_Airport=Analalava Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_City/County_Airport=Newton City/County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilongwe_International_Airport=Lilongwe International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbuktu_Airport=Timbuktu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakhla_Airport=Dakhla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essaouira-Mogador_Airport=Essaouira-Mogador Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nador_International_Airport=Nador International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouarzazate_Airport=Ouarzazate Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beira_Airport=Beira Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazaruto_Island_Airport=Bazaruto Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimoio_Airport=Chimoio Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_Bay_Lodge_Airport=Indigo Bay Lodge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inhambane_Airport=Inhambane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichinga_Airport=Lichinga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nampula_Airport=Nampula Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quelimane_Airport=Quelimane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chingozi_Airport=Chingozi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilankulo_Airport=Vilankulo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ondangwa_Airport=Ondangwa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walvis_Bay_Airport=Walvis Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akanu_Ibiam_International_Airport=Akanu Ibiam International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilorin_International_Airport=Ilorin International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadiq_Abubakar_III_International_Airport=Sadiq Abubakar III International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warri_Airport=Warri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamembe_Airport=Kamembe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berbera_Airport=Berbera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahikeng_Airport=Mahikeng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietermaritzburg_Airport=Pietermaritzburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Van_Eck_Airport=Hendrik Van Eck Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richards_Bay_Airport=Richards Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mthatha_Airport=Mthatha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County_Airport_(Pennsylvania)=Washington County Airport (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamba_Airport=Gamba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koulamoutou_Airport=Koulamoutou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makokou_Airport=Makokou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamale_Airport=Tamale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongola_Airport=Dongola Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Fasher_Airport=El Fasher Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Obeid_Airport=El Obeid Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kassala_Airport=Kassala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malakal_Airport=Malakal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyala_Airport=Nyala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Sudan_New_International_Airport=Port Sudan New International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukoba_Airport=Bukoba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kigoma_Airport=Kigoma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindi_Airport=Lindi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mtwara_Airport=Mtwara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musoma_Airport=Musoma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabora_Airport=Tabora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mwanza_Airport=Mwanza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arua_Airport=Arua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mfuwe_Airport=Mfuwe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Mqabuko_Nkomo_International_Airport=Joshua Mqabuko Nkomo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Falls_Airport=Victoria Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erebuni_Airport=Erebuni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monastir_Habib_Bourguiba_International_Airport=Monastir Habib Bourguiba International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivalo_Airport=Ivalo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joensuu_Airport=Joensuu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajaani_Airport=Kajaani Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuusamo_Airport=Kuusamo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuopio_Airport=Kuopio Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lappeenranta_Airport=Lappeenranta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria_Airport_(Azores)=Santa Maria Airport (Azores)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pori_Airport=Pori Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savonlinna_Airport=Savonlinna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varkaus_Airport=Varkaus Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agen_La_Garenne_Airport=Agen La Garenne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouen_Airport=Rouen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg_International_Airport=Strasbourg International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bost_Airport=Bost Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinson_Pen_Aerodrome=Tinson Pen Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruun-Urt_Airport=Baruun-Urt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batumi_International_Airport=Batumi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_the_Builder_Kutaisi_International_Airport=David the Builder Kutaisi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braunschweig_Airport=Braunschweig Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremerhaven_Airport=Bremerhaven Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emden_Airport=Emden Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingolstadt_Manching_Airport=Ingolstadt Manching Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandroupolis_International_Airport=Alexandroupolis International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astypalaia_Island_National_Airport=Astypalaia Island National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chios_Island_National_Airport=Chios Island National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikaria_Island_National_Airport=Ikaria Island National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karpathos_Island_National_Airport=Karpathos Island National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalymnos_Island_National_Airport=Kalymnos Island National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasos_Island_Public_Airport=Kasos Island Public Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastoria_National_Airport=Kastoria National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cephalonia_International_Airport=Cephalonia International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kithira_Island_National_Airport=Kithira Island National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kos_Island_International_Airport=Kos Island International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemnos_International_Airport=Lemnos International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykonos_Island_National_Airport=Mykonos Island National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leros_Municipal_Airport=Leros Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naxos_Island_National_Airport=Naxos Island National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mytilene_International_Airport=Mytilene International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paros_National_Airport=Paros National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aktion_National_Airport=Aktion National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samos_International_Airport=Samos International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyros_Island_National_Airport=Skyros Island National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skiathos_Island_National_Airport=Skiathos Island National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitia_Public_Airport=Sitia Public Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santorini_(Thira)_National_Airport=Santorini (Thira) National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marechal_Cunha_Machado_International_Airport=Marechal Cunha Machado International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altai_Airport=Altai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgan_Airport=Gorgan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albenga_Airport=Albenga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aosta_Valley_Airport=Aosta Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lampedusa_Airport=Lampedusa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olbia_Costa_Smeralda_Airport=Olbia Costa Smeralda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantelleria_Airport=Pantelleria Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corvo_Airport=Corvo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flores_Airport=Flores Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graciosa_Airport=Graciosa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horta_Airport=Horta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pico_Airport=Pico Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto_Santo_Airport=Porto Santo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okhotsk_Airport=Okhotsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherbro_International_Airport=Sherbro International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salalah_Airport=Salalah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Jersey_Regional_Airport=South Jersey Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bintulu_Airport=Bintulu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerteh_Airport=Kerteh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melilla_Airport=Melilla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamplona_Airport=Pamplona Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Hierro_Airport=El Hierro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemavan_Airport=Hemavan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lycksele_Airport=Lycksele Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskarshamn_Airport=Oskarshamn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sveg_Airport=Sveg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torsby_Airport=Torsby Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storuman_Airport=Storuman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilhelmina_Airport=Vilhelmina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Airport=Batman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konya_Airport=Konya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mardin_Airport=Mardin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernivtsi_International_Airport=Chernivtsi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foligno_Airport=Foligno Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Shore_Aerodrome=North Shore Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kryvyi_Rih_International_Airport=Kryvyi Rih International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luhansk_International_Airport=Luhansk International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathis_Airport=Mathis Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilze-Rijen_Air_Base=Gilze-Rijen Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Station_Camp_Pendleton=Marine Corps Air Station Camp Pendleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahvaz_International_Airport=Ahvaz International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bojnord_Airport=Bojnord Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayrestan_Airport=Dayrestan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerman_Airport=Kerman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kish_International_Airport=Kish International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larestan_International_Airport=Larestan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsar_Airport=Ramsar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasht_Airport=Rasht Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahrekord_Airport=Shahrekord Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dasht-e_Naz_Airport=Dasht-e Naz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahid_Sadooghi_Airport=Shahid Sadooghi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Airport=Honda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abha_Regional_Airport=Abha Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Baha_Domestic_Airport=Al-Baha Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arar_Domestic_Airport=Arar Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Ahsa_International_Airport=Al-Ahsa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisha_Domestic_Airport=Bisha Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawadmi_Domestic_Airport=Dawadmi Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Nayef_bin_Abdulaziz_Regional_Airport=Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurayat_Domestic_Airport=Gurayat Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha'il_Regional_Airport=Ha'il Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jizan_Regional_Airport=Jizan Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Jawf_Domestic_Airport=Al-Jawf Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najran_Domestic_Airport=Najran Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafha_Domestic_Airport=Rafha Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharurah_Domestic_Airport=Sharurah Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabuk_Regional_Airport=Tabuk Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turaif_Domestic_Airport=Turaif Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Wajh_Domestic_Airport=Al Wajh Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadi_al-Dawasir_Domestic_Airport=Wadi al-Dawasir Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamishly_Airport=Kamishly Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassel_Al-Assad_International_Airport=Bassel Al-Assad International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aden_International_Airport=Aden International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodeida_International_Airport=Hodeida International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyan_Airport=Riyan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayun_Airport=Sayun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socotra_Airport=Socotra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhchivan_Airport=Nakhchivan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox's_Bazar_Airport=Cox's Bazar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessore_Airport=Jessore Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shah_Makhdum_Airport=Shah Makhdum Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saidpur_Airport=Saidpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battambang_Airport=Battambang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratanakiri_Airport=Ratanakiri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steung_Treng_Airport=Steung Treng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aksu_Airport=Aksu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altay_Airport=Altay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anshun_Huangguoshu_Airport=Anshun Huangguoshu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baotou_Erliban_Airport=Baotou Erliban Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beihai_Fucheng_Airport=Beihai Fucheng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schaumburg_Regional_Airport=Schaumburg Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunming_Wujiaba_International_Airport=Kunming Wujiaba International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Film_Studios=Vancouver Film Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Outlying_Field_Spencer=Naval Outlying Field Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Nanyuan_Airport=Beijing Nanyuan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changchun_Longjia_International_Airport=Changchun Longjia International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changde_Taohuayuan_Airport=Changde Taohuayuan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_South_Cerney=RAF South Cerney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changzhi_Wangcun_Airport=Changzhi Wangcun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chifeng_Yulong_Airport=Chifeng Yulong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dali_Airport=Dali Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandong_Langtou_Airport=Dandong Langtou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datong_Yungang_Airport=Datong Yungang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhangjiajie_Hehua_Airport=Zhangjiajie Hehua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunhuang_Airport=Dunhuang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enshi_Xujiaping_Airport=Enshi Xujiaping Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganzhou_Huangjin_Airport=Ganzhou Huangjin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golmud_Airport=Golmud Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangyuan_Panlong_Airport=Guangyuan Panlong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbin_Taiping_International_Airport=Harbin Taiping International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hefei_Luogang_International_Airport=Hefei Luogang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hohhot_Baita_International_Airport=Hohhot Baita International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiayuguan_Airport=Jiayuguan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_Yaoqiang_International_Airport=Jinan Yaoqiang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingdezhen_Luojia_Airport=Jingdezhen Luojia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quanzhou_Jinjiang_International_Airport=Quanzhou Jinjiang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinzhou_Xiaolingzi_Airport=Jinzhou Xiaolingzi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiujiang_Lushan_Airport=Jiujiang Lushan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashgar_Airport=Kashgar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanzhou_Zhongchuan_Airport=Lanzhou Zhongchuan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lhasa_Gonggar_Airport=Lhasa Gonggar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lianyungang_Baitabu_Airport=Lianyungang Baitabu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lijiang_Sanyi_Airport=Lijiang Sanyi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyingchi_Mainling_Airport=Nyingchi Mainling Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linyi_Shubuling_Airport=Linyi Shubuling Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liping_Airport=Liping Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liuzhou_Bailian_Airport=Liuzhou Bailian Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luoyang_Beijiao_Airport=Luoyang Beijiao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzhouli_Xijiao_Airport=Manzhouli Xijiao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meixian_Airport=Meixian Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanchang_Changbei_International_Airport=Nanchang Changbei International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanning_Wuxu_International_Airport=Nanning Wuxu International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantong_Xingdong_Airport=Nantong Xingdong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanyang_Jiangying_Airport=Nanyang Jiangying Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_University_Airport=Purdue University Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingyang_Airport=Qingyang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qinhuangdao_Shanhaiguan_Airport=Qinhuangdao Shanhaiguan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanya_Phoenix_International_Airport=Sanya Phoenix International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shantou_Waisha_Airport=Shantou Waisha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shijiazhuang_Zhengding_International_Airport=Shijiazhuang Zhengding International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiuzhai_Huanglong_Airport=Jiuzhai Huanglong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyuan_Wusu_International_Airport=Taiyuan Wusu International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongren_Fenghuang_Airport=Tongren Fenghuang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weihai_Dashuibo_Airport=Weihai Dashuibo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenshan_Puzhehei_Airport=Wenshan Puzhehei Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiangyang_Liuji_Airport=Xiangyang Liuji Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingyi_Wanfenglin_Airport=Xingyi Wanfenglin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xining_Caojiabao_Airport=Xining Caojiabao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xuzhou_Guanyin_Airport=Xuzhou Guanyin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan'an_Ershilipu_Airport=Yan'an Ershilipu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yancheng_Nanyang_Airport=Yancheng Nanyang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yiwu_Airport=Yiwu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuncheng_Guangong_Airport=Yuncheng Guangong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhanjiang_Airport=Zhanjiang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhaotong_Airport=Zhaotong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhijiang_Airport=Zhijiang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhoushan_Putuoshan_Airport=Zhoushan Putuoshan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuhai_Jinwan_Airport=Zhuhai Jinwan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lengpui_Airport=Lengpui Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajmata_Vijaya_Raje_Scindia_Air_Terminal=Rajmata Vijaya Raje Scindia Air Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imphal_International_Airport=Imphal International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabalpur_Airport=Jabalpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhpur_Airport=Jodhpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jammu_Airport=Jammu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamnagar_Airport=Jamnagar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Aerodrome_Khajuraho=Civil Aerodrome Khajuraho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolhapur_Airport=Kolhapur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushok_Bakula_Rimpochee_Airport=Kushok Bakula Rimpochee Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porbandar_Airport=Porbandar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajkot_Airport=Rajkot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shillong_Airport=Shillong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srinagar_Airport=Srinagar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuticorin_Airport=Tuticorin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattimura_Airport=Pattimura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husein_Sastranegara_International_Airport=Husein Sastranegara International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syamsudin_Noor_Airport=Syamsudin Noor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Nadim_Airport=Hang Nadim Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalimarau_Airport=Kalimarau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Kaisiepo_Airport=Frans Kaisiepo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Muhammad_Salahudin_Airport=Sultan Muhammad Salahudin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datadawai_Airport=Datadawai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakfak_Torea_Airport=Fakfak Torea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Hasan_Aroeboesman_Airport=H. Hasan Aroeboesman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalaluddin_Airport=Jalaluddin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Yehuda_Airfield=Bar Yehuda Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_Air_National_Guard_Base=Bradley Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Thaha_Airport=Sultan Thaha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentani_Airport=Sentani Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haluoleo_Airport=Haluoleo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaimana_Airport=Kaimana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketapang_Airport=Ketapang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Tari_Airport=El Tari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komodo_Airport=Komodo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumatubin_Airport=Dumatubin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Apung_Airport=Long Apung Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juvai_Semaring_Airport=Juvai Semaring Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Rachman_Saleh_Airport=Abdul Rachman Saleh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendani_Airport=Rendani Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Seda_Airport=Frans Seda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mopah_Airport=Mopah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunukan_Airport=Nunukan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tjilik_Riwut_Airport=Tjilik Riwut Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutiara_Airport=Mutiara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iskandar_Airport=Iskandar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Depati_Amir_Airport=Depati Amir Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supadio_Airport=Supadio Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangsuma_Airport=Pangsuma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temindung_Airport=Temindung Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampit_Airport=Sampit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sintang_Airport=Sintang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Edward_Osok_Airport=Dominique Edward Osok Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjung_Harapan_Airport=Tanjung Harapan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.A.S._Hanandjoeddin_Airport=H.A.S. Hanandjoeddin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juwata_International_Airport=Juwata International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timika_Airport=Timika Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babullah_Airport=Babullah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Hasanuddin_International_Airport=Sultan Hasanuddin International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mau_Hau_Airport=Mau Hau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azare_Airstrip=Azare Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amami_Airport=Amami Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aomori_Airport=Aomori Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hachijojima_Airport=Hachijojima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dade-Collier_Training_and_Transition_Airport=Dade-Collier Training and Transition Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanamaki_Airport=Hanamaki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwami_Airport=Iwami Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumejima_Airport=Kumejima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumamoto_Airport=Kumamoto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsumoto_Airport=Matsumoto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsuyama_Airport=Matsuyama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memanbetsu_Airport=Memanbetsu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misawa_Airport=Misawa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyakejima_Airport=Miyakejima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyako_Airport=Miyako Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyazaki_Airport=Miyazaki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakashibetsu_Airport=Nakashibetsu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oita_Airport=Oita Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshima_Airport=Oshima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishiri_Airport=Rishiri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saga_Airport=Saga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shonai_Airport=Shonai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stag_Lane_Aerodrome=Stag Lane Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokunoshima_Airport=Tokunoshima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tottori_Airport=Tottori Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsushima_Airport=Tsushima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaguchi_Ube_Airport=Yamaguchi Ube Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamagata_Airport=Yamagata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atyrau_Airport=Atyrau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokshetau_Airport=Kokshetau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostanay_Airport=Kostanay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyzylorda_Airport=Kyzylorda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shymkent_International_Airport=Shymkent International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taraz_Airport=Taraz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhezkazgan_Airport=Zhezkazgan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osh_Airport=Osh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ba'kelalan_Airport=Ba'kelalan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bario_Airport=Bario Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belaga_Airport=Belaga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudat_Airport=Kudat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahad_Datu_Airport=Lahad Datu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawas_Airport=Lawas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limbang_Airport=Limbang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Akah_Airport=Long Akah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Banga_Airport=Long Banga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Lellang_Airport=Long Lellang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marudi_Airport=Marudi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Seridan_Airport=Long Seridan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukah_Airport=Mukah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangkor_Airport=Pangkor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redang_Airport=Redang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulu_Airport=Mulu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibu_Airport=Sibu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tioman_Airport=Tioman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommanggong_Airport=Tommanggong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathein_Airport=Pathein Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawthaung_Airport=Kawthaung Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kengtung_Airport=Kengtung Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyaukpyu_Airport=Kyaukpyu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lashio_Airport=Lashio Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loikaw_Airport=Loikaw Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mawlamyaing_Airport=Mawlamyaing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monghsat_Airport=Monghsat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myeik_Airport=Myeik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myitkyina_Airport=Myitkyina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putao_Airport=Putao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tachilek_Airport=Tachilek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sittwe_Airport=Sittwe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thandwe_Airport=Thandwe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TSTC_Waco_Airport=TSTC Waco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlingen_Air_Force_Base=Harlingen Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhadrapur_Airport=Bhadrapur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gautam_Buddha_Airport=Gautam Buddha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharatpur_Airport=Bharatpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jomsom_Airport=Jomsom Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepalgunj_Airport=Nepalgunj Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simikot_Airport=Simikot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surkhet_Airport=Surkhet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumlingtar_Airport=Tumlingtar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paine_Air_Force_Base=Paine Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Island_Municipal_Airport=Swan Island Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Bridge_Airport=Murray Bridge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolo_Airport=Jolo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taytay_Airport=Taytay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunsan_Airport=Gunsan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokpo_Airport=Mokpo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pohang_Airport=Pohang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulsan_Airport=Ulsan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonju_Airport=Wonju Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacheon_Airport=Sacheon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeosu_Airport=Yeosu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentota_River_Airport=Bentota River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiayi_Airport=Chiayi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magong_Airport=Magong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang-an_Airport=Wang-an Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qimei_Airport=Qimei Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanyu_Airport=Lanyu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyudao_Airport=Lyudao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Airport,_Rygge=Moss Airport, Rygge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khujand_Airport=Khujand Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hua_Hin_Airport=Hua Hin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_Sot_Airport=Mae Sot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhon_Si_Thammarat_Airport=Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nan_Airport=Nan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phitsanulok_Airport=Phitsanulok Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narathiwat_Airport=Narathiwat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranong_Airport=Ranong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roi_Et_Airport=Roi Et Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakon_Nakhon_Airport=Sakon Nakhon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukhothai_Airport=Sukhothai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andizhan_Airport=Andizhan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergana_International_Airport=Fergana International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karshi_Airport=Karshi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namangan_Airport=Namangan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navoi_International_Airport=Navoi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nukus_Airport=Nukus Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Termez_Airport=Termez Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urgench_International_Airport=Urgench International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarafshan_Airport=Zarafshan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_Municipal_Airport_(Texas)=Arlington Municipal Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mena_Intermountain_Municipal_Airport=Mena Intermountain Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Cecil_Field=Naval Air Station Cecil Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chu_Lai_International_Airport=Chu Lai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitiuta_Airport=Fitiuta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Airport=Tau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argyle_Airport=Argyle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armidale_Airport=Armidale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurukun_Airport=Aurukun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badu_Island_Airport=Badu Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Peninsula_Airport=Northern Peninsula Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcaldine_Airport=Barcaldine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedourie_Airport=Bedourie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathurst_Airport_(New_South_Wales)=Bathurst Airport (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thangool_Airport=Thangool Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdsville_Airport=Birdsville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackall_Airport=Blackall Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwater_Airport=Blackwater Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boigu_Island_Airport=Boigu Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulia_Airport=Boulia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundaberg_Airport=Bundaberg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Hill_Airport=Broken Hill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burketown_Airport=Burketown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnarvon_Airport_(Western_Australia)=Carnarvon Airport (Western Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceduna_Airport=Ceduna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleville_Airport=Charleville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloncurry_Airport=Cloncurry Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coconut_Island_Airport=Coconut Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coen_Airport=Coen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coober_Pedy_Airport=Coober Pedy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooktown_Airport=Cooktown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coonamble_Airport=Coonamble Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunnamulla_Airport=Cunnamulla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darnley_Island_Airport=Darnley Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomadgee_Airport=Doomadgee Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubbo_City_Regional_Airport=Dubbo City Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_River_Airport=Edward River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elcho_Island_Airport=Elcho Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerald_Airport=Emerald Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esperance_Airport=Esperance Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldton_Airport=Geraldton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_Airport=Griffith Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groote_Eylandt_Airport=Groote Eylandt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooker_Creek_Airport=Hooker Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horn_Island_Airport=Horn Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delamar_Dry_Lake=Delamar Dry Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pajala_Airport=Pajala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lida_Junction_Airport=Lida Junction Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Field=Tiger Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughenden_Airport=Hughenden Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Creek_Airport=Julia Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalbarri_Airport=Kalbarri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalgoorlie-Boulder_Airport=Kalgoorlie-Boulder Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalkgurung_Airport=Kalkgurung Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karratha_Airport=Karratha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karumba_Airport=Karumba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowanyama_Airport=Kowanyama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubin_Airport=Kubin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Kimberley_Regional_Airport=East Kimberley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Evella_Airport=Lake Evella Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laverton_Airport=Laverton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leinster_Airport=Leinster Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonora_Airport=Leonora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Ridge_Airport=Lightning Ridge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourke_Airport=Bourke Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobar_Airport=Cobar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudgee_Airport=Mudgee Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walgett_Airport=Walgett Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizard_Island_Airport=Lizard Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockhart_River_Airport=Lockhart River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabuiag_Island_Airport=Mabuiag Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maningrida_Airport=Maningrida Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McArthur_River_Mine_Airport=McArthur River Mine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meekatharra_Airport=Meekatharra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merimbula_Airport=Merimbula Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milingimbi_Airport=Milingimbi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Bay_Airport=Shark Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moranbah_Airport=Moranbah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moree_Airport=Moree Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mornington_Island_Airport=Mornington Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moruya_Airport=Moruya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gambier_Airport=Mount Gambier Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Magnet_Airport=Mount Magnet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Island_Airport=Murray Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narrabri_Airport=Narrabri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normanton_Airport=Normanton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Dam_Airport=Olympic Dam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Airport=Orange Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Island_Airport=Palm Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayenta_Airport=Kayenta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinle_Municipal_Airport=Chinle Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuba_City_Airport=Tuba City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crownpoint_Airport=Crownpoint Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiprock_Airstrip=Shiprock Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraburdoo_Airport=Paraburdoo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkes_Airport=Parkes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Augusta_Airport=Port Augusta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Hedland_International_Airport=Port Hedland International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Lincoln_Airport=Port Lincoln Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Macquarie_Airport=Port Macquarie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quilpie_Airport=Quilpie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramingining_Airport=Ramingining Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravensthorpe_Airport=Ravensthorpe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Airport=Richmond Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_Airport=Roma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saibai_Island_Airport=Saibai Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_George_Airport_(Queensland)=St George Airport (Queensland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamworth_Airport=Tamworth Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_River_Downs_Airport=Victoria River Downs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warraber_Island_Airport=Warraber Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Wyalong_Airport=West Wyalong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weipa_Airport=Weipa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whyalla_Airport=Whyalla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiluna_Airport=Wiluna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windorah_Airport=Windorah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winton_Airport=Winton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illawarra_Regional_Airport=Illawarra Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yam_Island_Airport=Yam Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorke_Island_Airport=Yorke Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levuka_Airfield=Levuka Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Nyerere_International_Airport=Julius Nyerere International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cicia_Airport=Cicia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vunisea_Airport=Vunisea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malolo_Lailai_Airport=Malolo Lailai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labo_Airport=Labo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahe_Airport=Ahe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apataki_Airport=Apataki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arutua_Airport=Arutua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bora_Bora_Airport=Bora Bora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hao_Airport=Hao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totegegie_Airport=Totegegie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maupiti_Airport=Maupiti Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napuka_Airport=Napuka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorea_Airport=Moorea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rurutu_Airport=Rurutu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikehau_Airport=Tikehau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilongos_Airport=Hilongos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallam_Aminu_Kano_International_Airport=Mallam Aminu Kano International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koumac_Airport=Koumac Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiga_Airport=Tiga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerikeri_Airport=Kerikeri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Airport_(New_Zealand)=Nelson Airport (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria_Air_Force_Base=Santa Maria Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Lindholme=RAF Lindholme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Isabela_International_Airport=La Isabela International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whakatane_Airport=Whakatane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurney_Airport=Gurney Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buka_Airport=Buka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasmata_Airport=Gasmata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquinot_Bay_Airport=Jacquinot Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandrian_Airport=Kandrian Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiunga_Airport=Kiunga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lihir_Island_Airport=Lihir Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momote_Airport=Momote Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misima_Island_Airport=Misima Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moro_Airport=Moro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Island_Airport=Nissan Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girua_Airport=Girua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suki_Airport=Suki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabubil_Airport=Tabubil Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tari_Airport=Tari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanigela_Airport=Wanigela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balalae_Airport=Balalae Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellona/Anua_Airport=Bellona/Anua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choiseul_Bay_Airport=Choiseul Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mono_Airport=Mono Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munda_Airport=Munda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rennell/Tingoa_Airport=Rennell/Tingoa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz/Graciosa_Bay/Luova_Airport=Santa Cruz/Graciosa Bay/Luova Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suavanao_Airport=Suavanao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yandina_Airport=Yandina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Eua_Airport='Eua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifuka_Island_Airport=Lifuka Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata'aho_Airport=Mata'aho Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niuatoputapu_Airport=Niuatoputapu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bezmer_Air_Base=Bezmer Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muttaburra_Airport=Muttaburra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Cove_Airport=Craig Cove Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siwo_Airport=Siwo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_City_Airport=Fall City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo-Pekoa_International_Airport=Santo-Pekoa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malekoula_Airport=Malekoula Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipota_Airport=Ipota Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamen_Bay_Airport=Lamen Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longana_Airport=Longana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonorore_Airport=Lonorore Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maewo-Naone_Airport=Maewo-Naone Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paama_Airport=Paama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olpoi_Airport=Olpoi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redcliffe_Airport_(Vanuatu)=Redcliffe Airport (Vanuatu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Airport=Sara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanua_Lava_Airport=Vanua Lava Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_West_Bay_Airport=South West Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongoa_Airport=Tongoa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulei_Airport=Ulei Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valesdir_Airport=Valesdir Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walaha_Airport=Walaha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aramac_Airport=Aramac Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur's_Town_Airport=Arthur's Town Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Bimini_Airport=South Bimini Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chub_Cay_International_Airport=Chub Cay International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Hill_Airport=Colonel Hill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadman's_Cay_Airport=Deadman's Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governor's_Harbour_Airport=Governor's Harbour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inagua_Airport=Inagua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayaguana_Airport=Mayaguana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Eleuthera_Airport=North Eleuthera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Sound_International_Airport=Rock Sound International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Andros_Airport=San Andros Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Point_Airport=Spring Point Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Cay_Airport=Treasure Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bight_Airport=New Bight Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibaraki_Airport=Ibaraki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shizuoka_Airport=Shizuoka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardubice_Airport=Pardubice Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheb_Airport=Cheb Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maaten_al-Sarra_Air_Base=Maaten al-Sarra Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tejgaon_Airport=Tejgaon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoAF_71st_Air_Base=RoAF 71st Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arroyo_Barril_Airport=Arroyo Barril Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Newton=RAF Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnington_Airpark=Donnington Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quang_Ninh_International_Airport=Quang Ninh International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoAF_93rd_Air_Base=RoAF 93rd Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dazhou_Heshi_Airport=Dazhou Heshi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehorse_Water_Aerodrome=Whitehorse Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanaimo/Quennell_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Nanaimo/Quennell Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parry_Sound/St._Waleran_Island_Water_Aerodrome=Parry Sound/St. Waleran Island Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miminiska_Water_Aerodrome=Miminiska Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande-4/Lac_de_la_Falaise_Water_Aerodrome=La Grande-4/Lac de la Falaise Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenelon_Falls/Sturgeon_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Fenelon Falls/Sturgeon Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Airpark=Lancaster Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takla_Narrows_Aerodrome=Takla Narrows Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_River/Alban_Aerodrome=French River/Alban Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgewater/Dayspring_Airpark=Bridgewater/Dayspring Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hultsfred_Airport=Hultsfred Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yinchuan_Hedong_International_Airport=Yinchuan Hedong International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheberghan_Airfield=Sheberghan Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muan_International_Airport=Muan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cuyama_Airport=New Cuyama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paso_Robles_Municipal_Airport=Paso Robles Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamar_Municipal_Airport_(Colorado)=Lamar Municipal Airport (Colorado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meriden_Markham_Municipal_Airport=Meriden Markham Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talladega_Municipal_Airport=Talladega Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawson_Army_Airfield=Lawson Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_State_Airport=Aurora State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Mbakwe_Airport=Sam Mbakwe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkali_Lake_State_Airport=Alkali Lake State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland_Municipal_Airport=Ashland Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astoria_Regional_Airport=Astoria Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_City_Municipal_Airport=Baker City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boardman_Airport=Boardman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookings_Airport=Brookings Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burns_Municipal_Airport=Burns Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiloquin_State_Airport=Chiloquin State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corvallis_Municipal_Airport=Corvallis Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plant_City_Airport=Plant City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavo_Rizo_Airport=Gustavo Rizo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariana_Grajales_Airport=Mariana Grajales Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Maestra_Airport=Sierra Maestra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orestes_Acosta_Airport=Orestes Acosta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermanos_Ameijeiras_Airport=Hermanos Ameijeiras Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Beach_Municipal_Airport=Gold Beach Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Portillo_Airport=El Portillo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorg_en_Hoop_Airport=Zorg en Hoop Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_County_Regional_Airport=Grant County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande/Union_County_Airport=La Grande/Union County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Andreas=RAF Andreas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Jurby=RAF Jurby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Caine_Airport=Hall Caine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taba_International_Airport=Taba International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madras_Municipal_Airport=Madras Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeway_Airport=Freeway Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhon_Ratchasima_Airport=Nakhon Ratchasima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Municipal_Airport_(Oregon)=Newport Municipal Airport (Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godman_Army_Airfield=Godman Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Municipal_Airport=Ontario Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaside_Municipal_Airport=Seaside Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunriver_Airport=Sunriver Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Marsh_Airport=Beaver Marsh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Locks_State_Airport=Cascade Locks State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Billy_Chinook_Airport=Lake Billy Chinook Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changzhou_Benniu_Airport=Changzhou Benniu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise_Municipal_Airport_(Oregon)=Enterprise Municipal Airport (Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Beaulieu=RAF Beaulieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Boreham=RAF Boreham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turin-Aeritalia_Airport=Turin-Aeritalia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plovdiv_Airport=Plovdiv Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iloilo_International_Airport=Iloilo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thisted_Airport=Thisted Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Airport_(Oregon)=Davis Airport (Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartow_Municipal_Airport=Bartow Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Force_Atlantic_Area_Training_Centre_Aldershot=Land Force Atlantic Area Training Centre Aldershot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Charmy_Down=RAF Charmy Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bushplane_Heritage_Centre=Canadian Bushplane Heritage Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Thruxton=RAF Thruxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Chilbolton=RAF Chilbolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_City_State_Airport=Pacific City State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amasya_Merzifon_Airport=Amasya Merzifon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastamonu_Airport=Kastamonu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinop_Airport=Sinop Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erigavo_Airport=Erigavo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse_Municipal_Airport=Syracuse Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_State_Airport=Rome State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_County_Airport_(Colorado)=Lake County Airport (Colorado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welke_Airport=Welke Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vest-Telemark_Airport,_Fyresdal=Vest-Telemark Airport, Fyresdal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McNary_ARNG_Field_Heliport=McNary ARNG Field Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffiss_International_Airport=Griffiss International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._L._Sonny_Callahan_Airport=H. L. Sonny Callahan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playa_Baracoa_Airport=Playa Baracoa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MidCoast_Regional_Airport_at_Wright_Army_Airfield=MidCoast Regional Airport at Wright Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Florida_Regional_Airport=Northeast Florida Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Clements_Municipal_Airport=James Clements Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Rilea_Heliport=Camp Rilea Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Airport=Cecil Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_Seacoast_Regional_Airport=Sanford Seacoast Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surat_Airport=Surat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Malek_International_Airport=Enrique Malek International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipton_Airport=Tipton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Ashford=RAF Ashford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_High_Halden=RAF High Halden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamar_Airport,_Stafsberg=Hamar Airport, Stafsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Field_(Tennessee)=Arnold Field (Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensburg_Municipal_Airport=Greensburg Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkhart_Municipal_Airport=Elkhart Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_County_Regional_Airport=Delaware County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memmingen_Airport=Memmingen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Balderton=RAF Balderton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bottesford=RAF Bottesford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegerland_Airport=Siegerland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Regional_Airport=Clark Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tranwell_Airfield=Tranwell Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Errol=RAF Errol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Airport=Forrest Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Fairwood_Common=RAF Fairwood Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubin-Obora_Airport=Lubin-Obora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabankalan_City_Domestic_Airport=Kabankalan City Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popham_Airfield=Popham Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governador_Jorge_Teixeira_de_Oliveira_International_Airport=Governador Jorge Teixeira de Oliveira International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cayo_Coco_Airport=Cayo Coco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_Hospital_and_Clinics=Stanford Hospital and Clinics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platte_Valley_Airpark=Platte Valley Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Head_Memorial_Aerodrome=Evans Head Memorial Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Airpark=Moraine Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seldovia_Airport=Seldovia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary's_Airport_(Alaska)=St. Mary's Airport (Alaska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Village_Airport=Mountain Village Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Auxiliary_Landing_Field_Bogue=Marine Corps Auxiliary Landing Field Bogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formosa_International_Airport=Formosa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khost_Airfield=Khost Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albano_Machado_Airport=Albano Machado Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Salvador_International_Airport=El Salvador International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quonset_Point_Air_National_Guard_Station=Quonset Point Air National Guard Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiping_Airport=Taiping Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alindao_Airport=Alindao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakouma_Airport=Bakouma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M'Boki_Airport=M'Boki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambari_Airport=Bambari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangassou_Airport=Bangassou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batangafo_Airport=Batangafo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birao_Airport=Birao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocaranga_Airport=Bocaranga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bossangoa_Airport=Bossangoa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouca_Airport=Bouca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bozoum_Airport=Bozoum Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bria_Airport=Bria Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnot_Airport=Carnot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordil_Airport=Gordil Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobaye_Mbanga_Airport=Mobaye Mbanga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouadda_Airport=Ouadda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibut_Airport=Sibut Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paoua_Airport=Paoua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poste_Airport=Poste Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yalinga_Airport=Yalinga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zemio_Airport=Zemio Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gounda_Airport=Gounda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koumala_Airport=Koumala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middletown_Regional_Airport=Middletown Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton/Villeneuve_(Rose_Field)_Aerodrome=Edmonton/Villeneuve (Rose Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton/Lechelt_Field_Aerodrome=Edmonton/Lechelt Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datong_Huairen_Airport=Datong Huairen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Outlying_Field_Coupeville=Naval Outlying Field Coupeville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graf_Ignatievo_Air_Base=Graf Ignatievo Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Elsham_Wolds=RAF Elsham Wolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INS_Rajali=INS Rajali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_North_Killingholme=RAF North Killingholme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunsdon_Airfield=Hunsdon Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basa_Air_Base=Basa Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strother_Field=Strother Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wycombe_Air_Park=Wycombe Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotorua_International_Airport=Rotorua International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburban_Airport=Suburban Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hood_Aerodrome=Hood Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings_Aerodrome=Hastings Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grider_Field=Grider Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiansted_Harbor_Seaplane_Base=Christiansted Harbor Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketchikan_Harbor_Seaplane_Base=Ketchikan Harbor Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaktuvuk_Pass_Airport=Anaktuvuk Pass Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Beaver_Airport=Big Beaver Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_County_International_Airport=Sullivan County International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadirgul_Airport=Nadirgul Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kake_Seaplane_Base=Kake Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Gorda_Airport_(Florida)=Punta Gorda Airport (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gransden_Lodge_Airfield=Gransden Lodge Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Felipe_International_Airport=San Felipe International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostolac_Airport=Kostolac Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Airy/Surry_County_Airport=Mount Airy/Surry County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Cleave=RAF Cleave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerlerit_Inaat_Airport=Nerlerit Inaat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensenada_Airport=Ensenada Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Detling=RAF Detling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monmouth_Executive_Airport=Monmouth Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moton_Field_Municipal_Airport=Moton Field Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe_Field=Sharpe Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwigillingok_Airport=Kwigillingok Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Aerodrome=Caroline Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benalto/Hillman's_Farm_Aerodrome=Benalto/Hillman's Farm Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos_Apache_Airport=San Carlos Apache Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Needles_Airport=Needles Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steamboat_Springs_Airport=Steamboat Springs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Morgan_Municipal_Airport=Fort Morgan Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuma_Municipal_Airport=Yuma Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton_Municipal_Airport=Dalton Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Gilmer_Memorial_Airport=Lee Gilmer Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coeur_d'Alene_Airport=Coeur d'Alene Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkiomen_Valley_Airport=Perkiomen Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_Bluffs_Municipal_Airport=Council Bluffs Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebring_Regional_Airport=Sebring Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltringen_Airfield=Poltringen Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Dalton=RAF Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easton_Airport_(Maryland)=Easton Airport (Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youngstown-Warren_Air_Reserve_Station=Youngstown-Warren Air Reserve Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanpur_Airport=Kanpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pottstown_Limerick_Airport=Pottstown Limerick Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spruce_Creek_Airport=Spruce Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Smyrna_Beach_Municipal_Airport=New Smyrna Beach Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Tholthorpe=RAF Tholthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_East_Moor=RAF East Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Skipton-on-Swale=RAF Skipton-on-Swale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Apopka_Airport=Orlando Apopka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redcliffe_Airport_(Queensland)=Redcliffe Airport (Queensland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Pescadero_Airstrip=Punta Pescadero Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Ignacio_Airfield=San Ignacio Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arraias_Airport=Arraias Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aswan_International_Airport=Aswan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_STOLport=Victoria STOLport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burley_Municipal_Airport=Burley Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K50_Airport=K50 Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keokuk_Municipal_Airport=Keokuk Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Natividad_Airstrip=Isla Natividad Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkins_Field_(airport)=Hawkins Field (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikinda_Airport=Kikinda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Lake_Airport=Hidden Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borj_El_Amri_Airport=Borj El Amri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedalia_Regional_Airport=Sedalia Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bela_Crkva_Airport=Bela Crkva Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraljevo_Sport_Airport=Kraljevo Sport Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smederevo_Airport=Smederevo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Harbour_(British_Columbia)=Victoria Harbour (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden_Point=Ogden Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boa_Vista_International_Airport=Boa Vista International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford_Sound_Airport=Milford Sound Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saufley_Field=Saufley Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadow_Lake_Airport_(Colorado)=Meadow Lake Airport (Colorado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bindlacher_Berg_Airport=Bindlacher Berg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertson_Field_(North_Dakota)=Robertson Field (North Dakota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griswold_Airport=Griswold Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Airport=Chester Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Airport_(El_Paso,_Texas)=Horizon Airport (El Paso, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatesville_Municipal_Airport=Gatesville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandywine_Airport=Brandywine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marechal_Rondon_International_Airport=Marechal Rondon International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taree_Airport=Taree Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grozny_Airport=Grozny Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marfa_Municipal_Airport=Marfa Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Airfield=Buffalo Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodaybo_Airport=Bodaybo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naypyidaw_Airport=Naypyidaw Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daugavpils_International_Airport=Daugavpils International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samedan_Airport=Samedan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bojnik_Airport=Bojnik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaltag_Airport=Kaltag Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manokotak_Airport=Manokotak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barter_Island_LRRS_Airport=Barter Island LRRS Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anvik_Airport=Anvik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kake_Airport=Kake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Lisburne_LRRS_Airport=Cape Lisburne LRRS Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Point_Airport=Sheldon Point Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quetzaltenango_Airport=Quetzaltenango Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waukegan_Regional_Airport=Waukegan Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kivalina_Airport=Kivalina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koyuk_Alfred_Adams_Airport=Koyuk Alfred Adams Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nulato_Airport=Nulato Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaisalmer_Airport=Jaisalmer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhiok_Airport=Akhiok Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunovice_Airport=Kunovice Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flushing_Airport=Flushing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klix_airfield=Klix airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centocelle_Airport=Centocelle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard's_Airport=Bernard's Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Barbers_Point=Naval Air Station Barbers Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernesaari_Heliport=Hernesaari Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spriggs_Payne_Airport=Spriggs Payne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahmapur_Airport=Brahmapur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stara_Pazova_Airport=Stara Pazova Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aktau_Airport=Aktau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Creek_Airport=Johnson Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qurghonteppa_International_Airport=Qurghonteppa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zemun_Polje_Airport=Zemun Polje Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pichoy_Airport=Pichoy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Carter_Regional_Airport=Jimmy Carter Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Parish_Airport=Allen Parish Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngoma_Airport=Ngoma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_Airport=Mina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batlava-Donja_Penduha_Airfield=Batlava-Donja Penduha Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonsay_Airport=Colonsay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progar_Airport=Progar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkuk_Air_Base=Kirkuk Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Honiley=RAF Honiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbuda_Codrington_Airport=Barbuda Codrington Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Acklington=RAF Acklington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Blakehill_Farm=RAF Blakehill Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bourn=RAF Bourn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Fairlop=RAF Fairlop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Full_Sutton=RAF Full Sutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Greatham=RAF Greatham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Great_Sampford=RAF Great Sampford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Madley=RAF Madley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Oakington=RAF Oakington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Perranporth=RAF Perranporth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Grangemouth=RAF Grangemouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rantoul_National_Aviation_Center=Rantoul National Aviation Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stinson_Municipal_Airport=Stinson Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aitape_Airport=Aitape Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Colorada_Airstrip=Punta Colorada Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Alabama_Regional_Airport=Northeast Alabama Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coonabarabran_Airport=Coonabarabran Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_Creek_Airport=Halls Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raton_Municipal_Airport=Raton Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springer_Municipal_Airport=Springer Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Barrios_Airport=Puerto Barrios Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kibrit_Air_Base=Kibrit Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toowoomba_Airport=Toowoomba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volk_Field_Air_National_Guard_Base=Volk Field Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N'Dolo_Airport=N'Dolo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Bay_Airport=China Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_III_Airport=Gustaf III Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaisumah_Domestic_Airport=Qaisumah Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafar_Al-Batin_Domestic_Airport=Hafar Al-Batin Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teuge_Airport=Teuge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woensdrecht_Air_Base=Woensdrecht Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iki_Airport=Iki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vastrap=Vastrap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Army_Airfield=Allen Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_City_Gateway_Airport=Lake City Gateway Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhart_Municipal_Airport=Dalhart Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Municipal_Airport=Spencer Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Heliport=Cardiff Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkel_Air_Base=Volkel Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Municipal_Airport=Atlantic Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Bridge_Airport=Bay Bridge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Richmond_Regional_Airport=New Richmond Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaanaaq_Airport=Qaanaaq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nampa_Municipal_Airport=Nampa Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inverell_Airport=Inverell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Trompillo_Airport=El Trompillo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur_County_Industrial_Air_Park=Decatur County Industrial Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farsund_Airport,_Lista=Farsund Airport, Lista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lista_Air_Station=Lista Air Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agua_Dulce_Airpark=Agua Dulce Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deelen_Air_Base=Deelen Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieutenant_General_Best_Barracks=Lieutenant General Best Barracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria_Airport_(Sergipe)=Santa Maria Airport (Sergipe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opa-locka_West_Airport=Opa-locka West Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station_Skid_Strip=Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Skid Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernandina_Beach_Municipal_Airport=Fernandina Beach Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leesburg_International_Airport=Leesburg International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Facility_Quantico=Marine Corps Air Facility Quantico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culberson_County_Airport=Culberson County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeLand_Municipal_Airport=DeLand Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millard_Airport_(Nebraska)=Millard Airport (Nebraska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Station_Kaneohe_Bay=Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Memphis_Municipal_Airport=West Memphis Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Little_Rock_Municipal_Airport=North Little Rock Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Upavon=RAF Upavon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Island_Airfield=Wake Island Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Hood_Strip=Lake Hood Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woy_Woy_Aerodrome=Woy Woy Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth_Airport,_Hampshire=Portsmouth Airport, Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bramcote=RAF Bramcote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanjavur_Air_Force_Station=Thanjavur Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macomb_Municipal_Airport=Macomb Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissimmee_Gateway_Airport=Kissimmee Gateway Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinggangshan_Airport=Jinggangshan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challis_Airport=Challis Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bardney=RAF Bardney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Blyton=RAF Blyton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary/Okotoks_(Rowland_Field)_Aerodrome=Calgary/Okotoks (Rowland Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_MacKay/Albian_Aerodrome=Fort MacKay/Albian Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_MacKay/Firebag_Aerodrome=Fort MacKay/Firebag Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oie_Lake/Dougall_Campbell_Field_Aerodrome=Oie Lake/Dougall Campbell Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opinaca_Aerodrome=Opinaca Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conn_Aerodrome=Conn Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didsbury_(Vertical_Extreme_Skydiving)_Aerodrome=Didsbury (Vertical Extreme Skydiving) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didsbury/Minty_Field_Aerodrome=Didsbury/Minty Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Islamabad_International_Airport=New Islamabad International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Coleby_Grange=RAF Coleby Grange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algona_Municipal_Airport=Algona Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Gulf_Coast_Regional_Airport=Texas Gulf Coast Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellington_Field_Joint_Reserve_Base=Ellington Field Joint Reserve Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_Islands_Air_National_Guard_Station=Channel Islands Air National Guard Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saglek_Airport=Saglek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khe_Sanh_Combat_Base=Khe Sanh Combat Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Hill/York_County_Airport=Rock Hill/York County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Thornaby=RAF Thornaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port-de-Paix_Airport=Port-de-Paix Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_South_Weymouth=Naval Air Station South Weymouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Araxos_Airport=Araxos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caversham_Airfield=Caversham Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iruma_Air_Base=Iruma Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naha_Air_Base=Naha Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Haji_Fisabilillah_Airport=Raja Haji Fisabilillah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Field=Evergreen Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeonju_Airport=Jeonju Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pondok_Cabe_Airport=Pondok Cabe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Airport_(Brazil)=Santiago Airport (Brazil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria_Airport_(Rio_Grande_do_Sul)=Santa Maria Airport (Rio Grande do Sul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Nabbington=HMS Nabbington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus-Lowndes_County_Airport=Columbus-Lowndes County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunggul_Wulung_Airport=Tunggul Wulung Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine-Simon_Airport=Antoine-Simon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacmel_Airport=Jacmel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Harbor_Airport_&_Seaplane_Base=Sky Harbor Airport & Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Municipal_Airport_(Kansas)=Independence Municipal Airport (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Army_Airfield=Marshall Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustique_Airport=Mustique Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_County_Airport=Beaver County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatay_Airport=Hatay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Salas_Airport=Benito Salas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melsbroek_Air_Base=Melsbroek Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flagler_County_Airport=Flagler County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_McKinnon_Airport=Malcolm McKinnon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturgate_Airfield=Sturgate Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hualapai_Airport=Hualapai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon_Caverns_Airport=Grand Canyon Caverns Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemayoran_Airport=Kemayoran Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beluga_Airport=Beluga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Hope_Airport=Point Hope Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugnu-Kuparuk_Airport=Ugnu-Kuparuk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trafford_Park_Aerodrome_(Manchester)=Trafford Park Aerodrome (Manchester)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bald_Mountain_Airport=Bald Mountain Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chadwick_Airport=Chadwick Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAF_Base_Faisal=PAF Base Faisal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plateau_Station=Plateau Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinca_Airport=Trinca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galesburg_Municipal_Airport=Galesburg Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_Regional_Airport=Indianapolis Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Creek_Airpark=Eagle Creek Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_Metropolitan_Airport=Indianapolis Metropolitan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendricks_County_Airport=Hendricks County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_Executive_Airport=Indianapolis Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankeny_Regional_Airport=Ankeny Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Field_(Oklahoma)=Davis Field (Oklahoma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Woodward_Airport=West Woodward Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jembrana_City_International_Airport=Jembrana City International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatbox_Field=Hatbox Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hwange_National_Park_Airport=Hwange National Park Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumamah_Airport=Thumamah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAF_Base_Minhas=PAF Base Minhas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juntura_Airport=Juntura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_County_Airport_(Ohio)=Madison County Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_County_Executive_Airport=Madison County Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoron_Airport=Yoron Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Field=Daniel Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Health_&_Science_University_Emergency_Heliport=Oregon Health & Science University Emergency Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Squantum=Naval Air Station Squantum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_County_Airport=Camden County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakewood_Airport=Lakewood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Roques_Airport=Los Roques Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Airport=Rock Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Bridge_Airport=Old Bridge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baucau_Airport=Baucau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Keys_Airport=Cross Keys Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lod_Air_Force_Base=Lod Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finca_63_Airport=Finca 63 Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrook_%22Marcos_A._Gelabert%22_International_Airport=Albrook "Marcos A. Gelabert" International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_Airport_(Costa_Rica)=Laurel Airport (Costa Rica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winkler_County_Airport=Winkler County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrell_Municipal_Airport=Terrell Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral_Wells_Airport=Mineral Wells Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerrville_Municipal_Airport=Kerrville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abernathy_Municipal_Airport=Abernathy Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecos_Municipal_Airport=Pecos Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Texas_Regional_Airport_at_Hondo=South Texas Regional Airport at Hondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Ahlhorn=RAF Ahlhorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_County_Memorial_International_Airport=Maverick County Memorial International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkins_Runway=Wilkins Runway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marcos_Municipal_Airport=San Marcos Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore_Army_Airfield=Moore Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenger_Field=Avenger Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childress_Municipal_Airport=Childress Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Auxiliary_Air_Station_Charlestown=Naval Auxiliary Air Station Charlestown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palacios_Municipal_Airport=Palacios Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainesville_Municipal_Airport=Gainesville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_&_White_Flying_Service_Airport=Red & White Flying Service Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-Columbia_Fire_&_Rescue_Heliport=Mid-Columbia Fire & Rescue Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Khormaksar=RAF Khormaksar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerama_Airport=Kerama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aguni_Airport=Aguni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minami-Daito_Airport=Minami-Daito Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarama_Airport=Tarama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hateruma_Airport=Hateruma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitadaito_Airport=Kitadaito Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimojishima_Airport=Shimojishima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunbury_Airport=Bunbury Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_J._Miller_Air_Park=Robert J. Miller Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbine_Municipal_Airport_(New_Jersey)=Woodbine Municipal Airport (New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Seaplane_Base=Miami Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Vista_Airport=Rio Vista Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland_Airport=Lakeland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAPD_Hooper_Heliport=LAPD Hooper Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kankakee_Airport=Kankakee Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albacete_Airport=Albacete Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broumov_Airport=Broumov Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campo_Grande_International_Airport=Campo Grande International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurico_de_Aguiar_Salles_Airport=Eurico de Aguiar Salles Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock_County_Airport=Hancock County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington-Hoover_Airport=Washington-Hoover Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Airport=Washington Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Ranch_Airport=Harris Ranch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_County_Airport_(Ohio)=Union County Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_Airport=Gates Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenema_Airport=Kenema Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cullingford_Field=Cullingford Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willmar_Municipal_Airport=Willmar Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Marais/Cook_County_Airport=Grand Marais/Cook County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palatka_Municipal_Airport=Palatka Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barra_Airport_(Brazil)=Barra Airport (Brazil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello_Municipal_Airport_(Arkansas)=Monticello Municipal Airport (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iejima_Airport=Iejima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canouan_Airport=Canouan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_County_Airport_(West_Virginia)=Logan County Airport (West Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_County_Airport=Cook County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackstone_Army_Airfield=Blackstone Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Army_Airfield=Michael Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Auxiliary_Landing_Field_Orange_Grove=Naval Auxiliary Landing Field Orange Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahntah_Aerodrome=Kahntah Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethbridge/Anderson_Aerodrome=Lethbridge/Anderson Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Houston_Airport=West Houston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearland_Regional_Airport=Pearland Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Southwest_Airport=Houston Southwest Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Porte_Municipal_Airport_(Texas)=La Porte Municipal Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelus_Air_Base=Wheelus Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baytown_Airport=Baytown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RWJ_Airpark=RWJ Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witham_Field=Witham Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tajima_Airport=Tajima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikai_Airport=Kikai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Tanegashima_Airport=New Tanegashima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oki_Airport=Oki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Milltown=RAF Milltown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakushima_Airport=Yakushima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okinoerabu_Airport=Okinoerabu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chambers_County_Airport=Chambers County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chambers_County-Winnie_Stowell_Airport=Chambers County-Winnie Stowell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_Executive_Airport=Lone Star Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leck_Air_Base=Leck Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesquite_Metro_Airport=Mesquite Metro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airborne_Airpark=Airborne Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Municipal_Airport=Liberty Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Municipal_Airport_(Texas)=Cleveland Municipal Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_M._Sharpe_Airport=Ralph M. Sharpe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branson_Airport=Branson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowy_Targ_Airport=Nowy Targ Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beja_Airbase=Beja Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_County_Airport=Columbia County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatmawati_Soekarno_Airport=Fatmawati Soekarno Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas_Municipal_Airport=Las Vegas Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookneal/Campbell_County_Airport=Brookneal/Campbell County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasiguncu_Airport=Kasiguncu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Carnevalli_Airport=Alberto Carnevalli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boraldai_Airport=Boraldai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Park_Executive_Airport=Avon Park Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_City_Airport=King City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delamar_Landing_Field=Delamar Landing Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minden_Airport=Minden Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_County_Airport=Walker County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton_Field=Middleton Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tappahannock_Municipal_Airport=Tappahannock Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semporna_Airport=Semporna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Mine_Aerodrome=Victor Mine Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Lina_Aerodrome=St. Lina Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estevan_(Blue_Sky)_Aerodrome=Estevan (Blue Sky) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tundra_Mine/Salamita_Mine_Aerodrome=Tundra Mine/Salamita Mine Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaverton_Aerodrome=Beaverton Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Agana=Naval Air Station Agana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_Municipal_Airport=Arcadia Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samarinda_International_Airport=Samarinda International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover_County_Municipal_Airport=Hanover County Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Jones_Aerodrome=Ken Jones Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_City_Airport=Cross City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immokalee_Regional_Airport=Immokalee Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changi_Air_Base=Changi Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauvechain_Air_Base=Beauvechain Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kleine_Brogel_Air_Base=Kleine Brogel Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florennes_Air_Base=Florennes Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._D._Roosevelt_Airport=F. D. Roosevelt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Fleming_International_Airport=Ian Fleming International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negril_Aerodrome=Negril Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Marston_Moor=RAF Marston Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelienople_Municipal_Airport=Zelienople Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianna_Municipal_Airport=Marianna Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry-Foley_Airport=Perry-Foley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herkale_Airport=Herkale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dikhil_Airport=Dikhil Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assa-Gueyla_Airport=Assa-Gueyla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali-Sabieh_Airport=Ali-Sabieh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Buffalo_Suburban_Airport=North Buffalo Suburban Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorsele_Airfield=Moorsele Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warfield_Air_National_Guard_Base=Warfield Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandung_Majalengka_International_Airport=Bandung Majalengka International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronel_Felipe_Varela_International_Airport=Coronel Felipe Varela International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistencia_International_Airport=Resistencia International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryborough_Airport_(Queensland)=Maryborough Airport (Queensland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Enrique_Mosconi_International_Airport=General Enrique Mosconi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Field_Air_National_Guard_Base=Berry Field Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almirante_Marcos_A._Zar_Airport=Almirante Marcos A. Zar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Fernando_Piragine_Niveyro_International_Airport=Doctor Fernando Piragine Niveyro International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cackleberry_Airport=Cackleberry Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa_Airport_(Argentina)=Santa Rosa Airport (Argentina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos_de_Bariloche_Airport=San Carlos de Bariloche Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domingo_Faustino_Sarmiento_Airport=Domingo Faustino Sarmiento Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comandante_Armando_Tola_International_Airport=Comandante Armando Tola International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma_Valley_Airport=Sonoma Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Keats_Airfield=Port Keats Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sialkot_Cantonment_Airport=Sialkot Cantonment Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_County_Regional_Airport=Marion County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Fernando_Airport_(Argentina)=San Fernando Airport (Argentina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Semado_Airport=Long Semado Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Geng_Airport=Long Geng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sematan_Airport=Sematan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuatro_Vientos_Airport=Cuatro Vientos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Joint_Reserve_Base_New_Orleans=Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Oakland=Naval Air Station Oakland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batey_Anita_Field=Batey Anita Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunk_Island_Airport=Dunk Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gould_Airfield=Gould Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Airport_(Rhode_Island)=Richmond Airport (Rhode Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Airport=Alpha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapit_Airport=Kapit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Pasia_Airport=Long Pasia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kluang_Airport=Kluang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMAF_Gong_Kedak=RMAF Gong Kedak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mersing_Airport=Mersing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitiawan_Airport=Sitiawan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logovardi_Airport=Logovardi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga_County_Airport=Saratoga County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_Bay_Airport=Snake Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathurst_Island_Airport=Bathurst Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gawler_Aerodrome=Gawler Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottumwa_Regional_Airport=Ottumwa Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruzeiro_do_Sul_International_Airport=Cruzeiro do Sul International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navegantes_Airport=Navegantes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidente_Castro_Pinto_International_Airport=Presidente Castro Pinto International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Garzones_Airport=Los Garzones Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sania_Ramel_Airport=Sania Ramel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okushiri_Airport=Okushiri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidi_Ifni_Airport=Sidi Ifni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nut_Tree_Airport=Nut Tree Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chacalluta_International_Airport=Chacalluta International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balmaceda_Airport=Balmaceda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Loa_Airport=El Loa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Aracena_International_Airport=Diego Aracena International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Florida_Airport_(Chile)=La Florida Airport (Chile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montague_Airport_(California)=Montague Airport (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-State_Regional_Airport=Mid-State Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Concha_Torres_International_Airport=Carlos Concha Torres International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariscal_Lamar_International_Airport=Mariscal Lamar International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Airport=Seymour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_de_Catamayo_Airport=Ciudad de Catamayo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Brujas_Airport_(Colombia)=Las Brujas Airport (Colombia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavo_Artunduaga_Paredes_Airport=Gustavo Artunduaga Paredes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Municipal_Airport_(Texas)=Hamilton Municipal Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guapi_Airport=Guapi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Pedrera_Airport=La Pedrera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Falls/Morrison_County_Airport=Little Falls/Morrison County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benguela_Airport=Benguela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riberalta_Airport=Riberalta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barinas_Airport=Barinas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacinto_Lara_International_Airport=Jacinto Lara International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Carlos_Piar_Guayana_Airport=Manuel Carlos Piar Guayana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayor_Buenaventura_Vivas_Airport=Mayor Buenaventura Vivas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Palomar_Airport=El Palomar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimla_Airport=Shimla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhuntar_Airport=Bhuntar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaggal_Airport=Gaggal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjung_Manis_Airport=Tanjung Manis Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akola_Airport=Akola Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calhoun_County_Airport_(Texas)=Calhoun County Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Binbrook=RAF Binbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saline_County_Regional_Airport=Saline County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazen_Municipal_Airport=Hazen Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_Municipal_Airport_(Arkansas)=Clinton Municipal Airport (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_Airport=Clinton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville_Municipal_Airport_(Maine)=Greenville Municipal Airport (Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Wickenby=RAF Wickenby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George_Airport_(Alaska)=St. George Airport (Alaska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw_Municipal_Airport_(Indiana)=Warsaw Municipal Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unionville_Municipal_Airport=Unionville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Haven_Memorial_Airpark=Grand Haven Memorial Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldoret_International_Airport=Eldoret International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creve_Coeur_Airport=Creve Coeur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David's_Airport=David's Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Airport=Ada Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetumpka_Municipal_Airport=Wetumpka Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Municipal_Airport=Troy Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylacauga_Municipal_Airport=Sylacauga Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Elmo_Airport=St. Elmo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Field_(airport)=Craig Field (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_C._Russell_Field=Thomas C. Russell Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Downer_Airport=George Downer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland/Lineville_Airport=Ashland/Lineville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewton_Municipal_Airport=Brewton Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Municipal_Airport=Camden Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_Municipal_Airport=Centre Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilton_County_Airport=Chilton County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton_Municipal_Airport_(Alabama)=Clayton Municipal Airport (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtland_Airport=Courtland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folsom_Field_(Alabama)=Folsom Field (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dauphin_Island_Airport=Dauphin Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demopolis_Municipal_Airport=Demopolis Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Folsom_Airport=Carl Folsom Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weedon_Field=Weedon Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akron_Airport=Akron Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ames_Municipal_Airport=Ames Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booneville_Municipal_Airport=Booneville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cahul_International_Airport=Cahul International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_Viterbo_Airport=Rome Viterbo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimbergen_Airfield=Grimbergen Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Arthur_Field=Richard Arthur Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florala_Municipal_Airport=Florala Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foley_Municipal_Airport=Foley Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensboro_Municipal_Airport=Greensboro Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Crenshaw_Memorial_Airport=Mac Crenshaw Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posey_Field=Posey Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headland_Municipal_Airport=Headland Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Municipal_Airport_(Alabama)=Jackson Municipal Airport (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaiden_Field=Vaiden Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Municipal_Airport_(Arkansas)=Newport Municipal Airport (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuttgart_Municipal_Airport=Stuttgart Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Ridge_Regional_Airport=Walnut Ridge Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Marcus_Municipal_Airport=Eric Marcus Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coolidge_Municipal_Airport=Coolidge Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gila_Bend_Air_Force_Auxiliary_Field=Gila Bend Air Force Auxiliary Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weelde_Air_Base=Weelde Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Pickens_Airport=North Pickens Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardmore_Airport_(Alabama)=Ardmore Airport (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_E._Ray_Airport=Roy E. Ray Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Long_Marston=RAF Long Marston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porterville_Municipal_Airport=Porterville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiriaco_Summit_Airport=Chiriaco Summit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehonville_Air_Base=Jehonville Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgos_Airport=Burgos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Gomera_Airport=La Gomera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Texas_International_Airport_at_Edinburg=South Texas International Airport at Edinburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baudette_International_Airport=Baudette International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stennis_International_Airport=Stennis International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atar_International_Airport=Atar International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherine_International_Airport=St. Catherine International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Carson_STOLport=Parker Carson STOLport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell_Municipal_Airport_(Texas)=Caldwell Municipal Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epcot_Center_Ultralight_Flightpark=Epcot Center Ultralight Flightpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanchey_Army_Heliport=Hanchey Army Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryant_Army_Heliport=Bryant Army Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Junta_Municipal_Airport=La Junta Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatfield_Aerodrome=Hatfield Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Omaha_Airport=North Omaha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skydive_Houston_Airport=Skydive Houston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckingham_Field=Buckingham Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Municipal_Airport=Philadelphia Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fish_River_Seaplane_Base=Fish River Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angoon_Seaplane_Base=Angoon Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metlakatla_Seaplane_Base=Metlakatla Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanglefoot_Seaplane_Base=Tanglefoot Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celle_Air_Base=Celle Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imeson_Field=Imeson Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone_Heights_Airport=Keystone Heights Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Marais/Cook_County_Seaplane_Base=Grand Marais/Cook County Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phetchabun_Airport=Phetchabun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Longhua_Airport=Shanghai Longhua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jieyang_Chaoshan_International_Airport=Jieyang Chaoshan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalvacha_Airport=Kalvacha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kortrijk-Wevelgem_International_Airport=Kortrijk-Wevelgem International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisimiut_Airport=Sisimiut Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stout_Army_Air_Field=Stout Army Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Plains_Regional_Airport=Colorado Plains Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravesend_Airport=Gravesend Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield_County_Airport_(Ohio)=Fairfield County Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Calzi_Airport=Li Calzi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucks_Airport=Bucks Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemberton_Airport=Pemberton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kroelinger_Airport=Kroelinger Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IJmuiden_Heliport=IJmuiden Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavanger_Airport,_Forus=Stavanger Airport, Forus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brimpton_Airfield=Brimpton Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenier_Air_Force_Base=Grenier Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vellinge_Airport=Vellinge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Municipal_Airport=Anderson Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Castel_Benito=RAF Castel Benito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barreira_do_Inferno_Launch_Center=Barreira do Inferno Launch Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton_Municipal_Airport=Middleton Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manic-5_Aerodrome=Manic-5 Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggo_Devon_Canada_Aerodrome=Peggo Devon Canada Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobuk_Airport=Kobuk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seongmu_Airport=Seongmu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wales_Airport_(Alaska)=Wales Airport (Alaska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savoonga_Airport=Savoonga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Michael_Airport=St. Michael Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_City_LRRS_Airport=Tin City LRRS Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotlik_Airport=Kotlik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larsen_Bay_Airport=Larsen Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Harbor_Airport=Old Harbor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Station_Airport=Pilot Station Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Farm_Airport=Eagle Farm Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkmenabat_Airport=Turkmenabat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peekskill_Seaplane_Base=Peekskill Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._Bryan_Airport=George M. Bryan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Park_Airport=Sky Park Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendricks_Field_(New_York)=Hendricks Field (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Williams_Airport=Horace Williams Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rheine-Bentlage_Air_Base=Rheine-Bentlage Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidalia_Regional_Airport=Vidalia Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jendarata_Airport=Jendarata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patiala_Airport=Patiala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepanavan_Airport=Stepanavan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sion_Airport=Sion Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marakei_Airport=Marakei Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Regional_Airport_(Texas)=Northwest Regional Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abemama_Atoll_Airport=Abemama Atoll Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arorae_Island_Airport=Arorae Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Driffield=RAF Driffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deir_ez-Zor_Airport=Deir ez-Zor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmyra_Airport=Palmyra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Valley_Regional_Airport=Clarence Valley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopetoun_Airport=Hopetoun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinvale_Airport=Robinvale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samlesbury_Aerodrome=Samlesbury Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.I._Bong_Air_Force_Base=R.I. Bong Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Support_Activity_Panama_City=Naval Support Activity Panama City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_Stokes_Airport=Perry Stokes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Price_Airport=Tom Price Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Pasco=Naval Air Station Pasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant_Municipal_Airport_(Michigan)=Mount Pleasant Municipal Airport (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torslanda_Airport=Torslanda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodrome_Abbeville=Aerodrome Abbeville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty_Valley_Aerodrome=Poverty Valley Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobil_Bistcho_Airport=Mobil Bistcho Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renmark_Airport=Renmark Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt_Egelsbach_Airport=Frankfurt Egelsbach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Marmal=Camp Marmal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darke_County_Airport=Darke County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeouido_Airport=Yeouido Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Najaf_International_Airport=Al Najaf International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keetmanshoop_Airport=Keetmanshoop Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rundu_Airport=Rundu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panglao_Island_International_Airport=Panglao Island International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tan_Tan_Airport=Tan Tan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyneton_Airport=Kyneton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goolwa_Airport=Goolwa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinchilla_Airport=Chinchilla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrey_Pines_Gliderport=Torrey Pines Gliderport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Eastchurch=RAF Eastchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Brenzett=RAF Brenzett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oerlinghausen_Airfield=Oerlinghausen Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville_(North)_Water_Aerodrome=Huntsville (North) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor's_Lake_East_Water_Aerodrome=Doctor's Lake East Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Muskoka_South_Water_Aerodrome=Lake Muskoka South Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor's_Lake_West_Water_Aerodrome=Doctor's Lake West Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val-d'Or_(Huard)_Water_Aerodrome=Val-d'Or (Huard) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balkhash_Airport=Balkhash Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kegelman_Air_Force_Auxiliary_Field=Kegelman Air Force Auxiliary Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_Base_Swartkop=Air Force Base Swartkop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellington_Airport_(Connecticut)=Ellington Airport (Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guasopa_Airport=Guasopa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewarrina_Airport=Brewarrina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corowa_Airport=Corowa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cootamundra_Airport=Cootamundra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowra_Airport=Cowra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deniliquin_Airport=Deniliquin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Innes_Airport=Glen Innes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbes_Airport=Forbes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Matlaske=RAF Matlaske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnedah_Airport=Gunnedah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hay_Airport=Hay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narromine_Airport=Narromine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyngan_Airport=Nyngan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quirindi_Airport=Quirindi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temora_Airport=Temora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tibooburra_Airport=Tibooburra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumut_Airport=Tumut Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Airport=Young Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Michel-de-Napierville_Aerodrome=Saint-Michel-de-Napierville Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Bay/Eldorado_Aerodrome=Thunder Bay/Eldorado Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_River_Aerodrome=Mary River Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Valley/Luther_Field_Aerodrome=Grand Valley/Luther Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Selkirk_Aerodrome=Fort Selkirk Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_Field_(Alabama)=Logan Field (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mueller_Municipal_Airport=Robert Mueller Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Valley_Airport=Mountain Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panan-awan_Airport=Panan-awan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corcoran_Airport=Corcoran Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amery_Municipal_Airport=Amery Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langlade_County_Airport=Langlade County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_County_Airport=Dodge County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_River_Union_Airport=Eagle River Union Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clintonville_Municipal_Airport=Clintonville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_I._Bong_Airport=Richard I. Bong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waupaca_Municipal_Airport=Waupaca Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_Lake_Regional_Airport=Rice Lake Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_St_Angelo=RAF St Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Holstein_Municipal_Airport=New Holstein Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Industrial_Airport=Glasgow Industrial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Changi_Airport=Singapore Changi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belluno_Airport=Belluno Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawyer_County_Airport=Sawyer County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshfield_Municipal_Airport_(Wisconsin)=Marshfield Municipal Airport (Wisconsin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitowoc_County_Airport=Manitowoc County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triodos_Airport=Triodos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andravida_Air_Base=Andravida Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Tieng=Long Tieng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agrinion_Airport=Agrinion Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Dunholme_Lodge=RAF Dunholme Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Spilsby=RAF Spilsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Homestead_General_Aviation_Airport=Miami Homestead General Aviation Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campo_Arenal_Aerodrome=Campo Arenal Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sack-O-Grande_Acroport=Sack-O-Grande Acroport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Brothers_Airport=Cardiff Brothers Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffpauir_Airport=Hoffpauir Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Executive_Airport=Houston Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creasy_Airport=Creasy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Fort_Bend_Airport=Houston Fort Bend Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tachikawa_Airfield=Tachikawa Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Manorbier=RAF Manorbier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_City_Heliport=Glasgow City Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barwon_Heads_Airport=Barwon Heads Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garner_Field=Garner Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Marys_Airport=St. Marys Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salerno_Costa_d'Amalfi_Airport=Salerno Costa d'Amalfi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Poulton=RAF Poulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Carew_Cheriton=RAF Carew Cheriton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedes_Airport=Sedes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khatgal_Airport=Khatgal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naha_Airport_(Indonesia)=Naha Airport (Indonesia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli_Airport_(Greece)=Tripoli Airport (Greece)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasilla_Airport=Wasilla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmautluak_Airport=Atmautluak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apucarana_Airport=Apucarana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatoi_Airport=Tatoi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_di_Campo_Airport=Marina di Campo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toksook_Bay_Airport=Toksook Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_End_Airport=West End Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_Point_Airport=Sand Point Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moanda_Airport=Moanda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scone_Airport=Scone Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouzinkie_Airport=Ouzinkie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuggerah_Aerodrome=Tuggerah Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agra_airport=Agra airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawano_Municipal_Airport=Shawano Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauloff_Harbor,_Alaska=Pauloff Harbor, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/False_Pass_Airport=False Pass Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cessnock_Airport=Cessnock Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunsfold_Aerodrome=Dunsfold Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto_Cheli_Airport=Porto Cheli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larissa_National_Airport=Larissa National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagerstown_Regional_Airport=Hagerstown Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordova_Municipal_Airport=Cordova Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animas_Air_Park=Animas Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Creek_3_Airport=Bear Creek 3 Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlboro_County_Jetport=Marlboro County Jetport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crookston_Municipal_Airport=Crookston Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retalhuleu_Airport=Retalhuleu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blairsville_Airport=Blairsville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuyo_Airport=Cuyo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_Municipal_Airport=Laurel Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Downham_Market=RAF Downham Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitsunday_Airport=Whitsunday Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasese_Airport=Kasese Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotroni_Airport=Kotroni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Moreton-in-Marsh=RAF Moreton-in-Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Chatham=Naval Air Station Chatham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamyan_Airport=Bamyan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaghcharan_Airport=Chaghcharan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farah_Airport=Farah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khwahan_Airport=Khwahan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qala_i_Naw_Airport=Qala i Naw Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaranj_Airport=Zaranj Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taloqan_Airport=Taloqan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akstafa_Airport=Akstafa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lankaran_International_Airport=Lankaran International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepanakert_Airport=Stepanakert Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rottnest_Island_Airport=Rottnest Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Graveley=RAF Graveley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence_Airport=Providence Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Memorial_Airport=Moritz Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biliran_Airport=Biliran Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaufbeuren_Air_Base=Kaufbeuren Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Dunn_Airpark=Arthur Dunn Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Wales_Municipal_Airport=Lake Wales Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Honeybourne=RAF Honeybourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela_Airport=Rourkela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inverness_Airport_(Florida)=Inverness Airport (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airglades_Airport=Airglades Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everglades_Airpark=Everglades Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Wymeswold=RAF Wymeswold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukche=Fukche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Harrowbeer=RAF Harrowbeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Glade_State_Municipal_Airport=Belle Glade State Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calhoun_County_Airport_(Florida)=Calhoun County Airport (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLIA_East_@_Labu=KLIA East @ Labu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Park_Aerodrome_(Blackpool)=Stanley Park Aerodrome (Blackpool)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Comet_Field_at_Paulding_Northwest_Atlanta_Airport=Silver Comet Field at Paulding Northwest Atlanta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Gulf_Airport=Houston Gulf Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_Airport_(India)=Salem Airport (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tambaram_Air_Force_Station=Tambaram Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murfreesboro_Municipal_Airport=Murfreesboro Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Lake_Airport=Indian Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Stradishall=RAF Stradishall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tympaki_Airport=Tympaki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Lympne=RAF Lympne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lympne_Airport=Lympne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Regional_Airport=Hannibal Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Thorney_Island=RAF Thorney Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmas_Airport=Palmas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Branco_International_Airport=Rio Branco International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresina_Airport=Teresina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Woolfox_Lodge=RAF Woolfox Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruse_Airport=Ruse Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Lissett=RAF Lissett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Catfoss=RAF Catfoss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_DeLand=Naval Air Station DeLand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Melbourne=RAF Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Ana_Airport_(Colombia)=Santa Ana Airport (Colombia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beirut_Air_Base=Beirut Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charters_Towers_Airport=Charters Towers Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mareeba_Airfield=Mareeba Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shri_Guru_Gobind_Singh_Ji_Airport=Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solapur_Airport=Solapur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhinagar_Airport=Gandhinagar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratnagiri_Airport=Ratnagiri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latur_Airport=Latur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Airport=Grant Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Brujas_Airport_(Cuba)=Las Brujas Airport (Cuba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonari_Airport=Sonari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidyanagar_Airport=Vidyanagar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Hezarfen_Airfield=Istanbul Hezarfen Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadford_Airfield=Broadford Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa_Executive_Airport=Tampa Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kornasoren_Airport=Kornasoren Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Gloucester_Airport=Cape Gloucester Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saidor_Airport=Saidor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finschhafen_Airport=Finschhafen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gusap_Airport=Gusap Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitu_Airport=Pitu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacchus_Marsh_Airfield=Bacchus Marsh Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingayen_Airport=Lingayen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorakhpur_Airport=Gorakhpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vellore_Airport=Vellore Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akpaka_Airport=Akpaka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djangou_Airport=Djangou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto_Alegre_Airport=Porto Alegre Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolokope_Airport=Kolokope Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abengourou_Airport=Abengourou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehini_Airport=Tehini Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundiali_Airport=Boundiali Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soko_Airport=Soko Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabou_Airport=Dabou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daloa_Airport=Daloa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimbokro_Airport=Dimbokro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamoussoukro_Airport=Yamoussoukro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gagnoa_Airport=Gagnoa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero-Mer_Airport=Nero-Mer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guiglo_Airport=Guiglo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korhogo_Airport=Korhogo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Airport=Man Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sassandra_Airport=Sassandra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahana_Airport=Mahana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabou_Airport=Tabou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bembereke_Airport=Bembereke Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cana_Airport=Cana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djougou_Airport=Djougou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandi_Airport=Kandi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parakou_Airport=Parakou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porga_Airport=Porga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navrongo_Airport=Navrongo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunyani_Airport=Sunyani Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fria_Airport=Fria Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Airport=Tata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan_Airport=Buchanan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamco_Airport=Lamco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Palmas_Airport=Cape Palmas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimba_Airport=Nimba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville/Sinoe_Airport=Greenville/Sinoe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tchien_Airport=Tchien Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voinjama_Airport=Voinjama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gbangbatok_Airport=Gbangbatok Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabala_Airport=Kabala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banfora_Airport=Banfora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogande_Airport=Bogande Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulsa_Airport=Boulsa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diapaga_Airport=Diapaga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djibo_Airport=Djibo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dori_Airport=Dori Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fada_N'gourma_Airport=Fada N'gourma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorom_Gorom_Airport=Gorom Gorom Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kantchari_Airport=Kantchari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaya_Airport=Kaya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouna_Airport=Nouna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Airport=Leo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouahigouya_Airport=Ouahigouya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebba_Airport=Sebba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tambao_Airport=Tambao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pama_Airport=Pama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tougan_Airport=Tougan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenkodogo_Airport=Tenkodogo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbaye_Airport=Abbaye Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamenda_Airport=Bamenda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bali_Airport=Bali Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batouri_Airport=Batouri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertoua_Airport=Bertoua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dschang_Airport=Dschang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebolowa_Airport=Ebolowa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limbe_Airport=Limbe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamfe_Airport=Mamfe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kribi_Airport=Kribi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yagoua_Airport=Yagoua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foumban_Nkounja_Airport=Foumban Nkounja Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simenti_Airport=Simenti Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podor_Airport=Podor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandiagara_Airport=Bandiagara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bougouni_Airport=Bougouni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goundam_Airport=Goundam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douentza_Airport=Douentza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidal_Airport=Kidal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolokani_Airport=Kolokani Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nioro_Airport=Nioro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikasso_Airport=Sikasso Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessalit_Airport=Tessalit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keibane_Airport=Keibane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengassi_Airport=Bengassi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirkou_Airport=Dirkou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogondoutchi_Airport=Dogondoutchi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iferouane_Airport=Iferouane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouallam_Airport=Ouallam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlit_Airport=Arlit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tillabery_Airport=Tillabery Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maradi_Airport=Maradi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaya_Airport_(Niger)=Gaya Airport (Niger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahoua_Airport=Tahoua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am_Dam_Airport=Am Dam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doba_Airport=Doba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haraze_Airport=Haraze Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iriba_Airport=Iriba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koukou_Angarana_Airport=Koukou Angarana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koro_Toro_Airport=Koro Toro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massenya_Airport=Massenya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moussoro_Airport=Moussoro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zouar_Airport=Zouar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ati_Airport=Ati Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biltine_Airport=Biltine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokoro_Airport=Bokoro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongor_Airport=Bongor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fada_Airport=Fada Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bousso_Airport=Bousso Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faya-Largeau_Airport=Faya-Largeau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao_Airport=Mao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melfi_Airport=Melfi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moyto_Airport=Moyto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oum_Hadjer_Airport=Oum Hadjer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pala_Airport=Pala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongo_Airport=Mongo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakouma_Airport=Zakouma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carthago_Airport=Carthago Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damazin_Airport=Damazin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadugli_Airport=Kadugli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pochalla_Airport=Pochalla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renk_Airport=Renk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torit_Airport=Torit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalingei_Airport=Zalingei Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wau_Airport=Wau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneina_Airport=Geneina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Halfa_Airport=New Halfa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malmen_Airbase=Malmen Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awasa_Airport=Awasa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peleliu_Airfield=Peleliu Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Field_(Iwo_Jima)=Central Field (Iwo Jima)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butaritari_Atoll_Airport=Butaritari Atoll Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Man's_Land_Navy_Airfield=No Man's Land Navy Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilulissat_Airport=Ilulissat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sandy_Regional_Airport=Big Sandy Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan's_Creek_Aerodrome=Ryan's Creek Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Washington_Regional_Airport=Southwest Washington Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaarsut_Airport=Qaarsut Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aasiaat_Airport=Aasiaat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniitsoq_Airport=Maniitsoq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upernavik_Airport=Upernavik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comiso_Airport=Comiso Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uummannaq_Heliport=Uummannaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuswap_(Skwlax_Field)_Aerodrome=Shuswap (Skwlax Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon/Richter_Field_Aerodrome=Saskatoon/Richter Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookstown/Kirby_Field_Aerodrome=Cookstown/Kirby Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tottenham/Ronan_Aerodrome=Tottenham/Ronan Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasigiannguit_Heliport=Qasigiannguit Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qeqertarsuaq_Heliport=Qeqertarsuaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasiilaq_Heliport=Tasiilaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paamiut_Airport=Paamiut Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narsaq_Heliport=Narsaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaqortoq_Heliport=Qaqortoq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alluitsup_Paa_Heliport=Alluitsup Paa Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanortalik_Heliport=Nanortalik Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angaur_Airstrip=Angaur Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Bouet_Airport=Port Bouet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vavuniya_Airport=Vavuniya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hingurakgoda_Airport=Hingurakgoda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikerasak_Heliport=Ikerasak Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illorsuit_Heliport=Illorsuit Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuussuaq_Heliport=Nuussuaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kullorsuaq_Heliport=Kullorsuaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuugaatsiaq_Heliport=Nuugaatsiaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukkusissat_Heliport=Ukkusissat Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saqqaq_Heliport=Saqqaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qeqertaq_Heliport=Qeqertaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangersuatsiaq_Heliport=Kangersuatsiaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upernavik_Kujalleq_Heliport=Upernavik Kujalleq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aappilattoq_Heliport_(Qaasuitsup)=Aappilattoq Heliport (Qaasuitsup)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saattut_Heliport=Saattut Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wageningen_Airstrip=Wageningen Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cayana_Airstrip=Cayana Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godo_Holo_Airstrip=Godo Holo Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawa_Anapaike_Airstrip=Lawa Anapaike Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawa_Antino_Airstrip=Lawa Antino Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majoor_Henry_Fernandes_Airport=Majoor Henry Fernandes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Njoeng_Jacob_Kondre_Airstrip=Njoeng Jacob Kondre Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poesoegroenoe_Airstrip=Poesoegroenoe Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joliet_Regional_Airport=Joliet Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston/Norman_Rogers_Airport=Kingston/Norman Rogers Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobbs_Army_Airfield=Hobbs Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamsi_Airfield=Shamsi Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poncri_Auxiliary_Aerodrome=Poncri Auxiliary Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chame_Airport=Chame Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calzada_Larga_Airport=Calzada Larga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usiminas_Airport=Usiminas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dijon_Air_Base=Dijon Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Ulpiano_Paez_Airport=General Ulpiano Paez Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_(Whitchurch)_Airport=Bristol (Whitchurch) Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_Bank_Municipal_Airport=Cut Bank Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Facility_Corvallis=Marine Corps Air Facility Corvallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhart_Army_Airfield=Dalhart Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coatepeque_Airport=Coatepeque Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibba_Airport=Dibba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Grove=RAF Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanh_Hoa_Airport=Thanh Hoa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maleme_Airport=Maleme Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceuta_Heliport=Ceuta Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemba_Airport_(Tanzania)=Pemba Airport (Tanzania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Hibaldstow=RAF Hibaldstow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucapa_Airport=Lucapa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catoca_Airport=Catoca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nzagi_Airport=Nzagi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrique_de_Carvalho_Airport=Henrique de Carvalho Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luena_Airport=Luena Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Municipal_Airport=Santiago Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quang_Tri_Airport=Quang Tri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgetown_Heliport=Bridgetown Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarksville_Municipal_Airport=Clarksville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampart_Airport=Rampart Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Springs_Airport=Cherry Springs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabo_Frio_International_Airport=Cabo Frio International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balranald_Airport=Balranald Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Tift_Myers_Airport=Henry Tift Myers Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Seu_d'Urgell_Airport=La Seu d'Urgell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uetersen_Airport=Uetersen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spence_Airport=Spence Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moultrie_Municipal_Airport=Moultrie Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon_Downtown_Airport=Macon Downtown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonia_Airport=Colonia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivera_International_Airport=Rivera International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueva_Hesperides_International_Airport=Nueva Hesperides International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artigas_Airport=Artigas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomasville_Regional_Airport=Thomasville Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishburn_Airfield=Fishburn Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodward_Field_(airport)=Woodward Field (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowcountry_Regional_Airport=Lowcountry Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangeburg_Municipal_Airport=Orangeburg Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood_County_Airport=Greenwood County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlington_County_Jetport=Darlington County Jetport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston_Executive_Airport=Charleston Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnwell_Regional_Airport=Barnwell Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiken_Municipal_Airport=Aiken Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Staverton=RAF Staverton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown_County_Airport=Georgetown County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stadtlohn-Vreden_Airport=Stadtlohn-Vreden Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax_Municipal_Airport=Fairfax Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauregard_Regional_Airport=Beauregard Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esler_Airfield=Esler Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabing_Airport=Tabing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Burn=RAF Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenada_Municipal_Airport=Grenada Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Castle_Air_National_Guard_Base=New Castle Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGhee_Tyson_Air_National_Guard_Base=McGhee Tyson Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Field=Fletcher Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesler-Noble_Field=Hesler-Noble Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattiesburg_Bobby_L._Chain_Municipal_Airport=Hattiesburg Bobby L. Chain Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Municipal_Airport_(Mississippi)=Cleveland Municipal Airport (Mississippi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porepunkah_Airfield=Porepunkah Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenakee_Seaplane_Base=Tenakee Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Natal_International_Airport=Greater Natal International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chakulia_Airport=Chakulia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaikunda_Air_Force_Station=Kalaikunda Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishwardi_Airport=Ishwardi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinjin_Airport=Xinjin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guanghan_Airport=Guanghan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trondheim_Airport,_Lade=Trondheim Airport, Lade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuttgart_Army_Airfield_(Arkansas)=Stuttgart Army Airfield (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Warboys=RAF Warboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_A._Hardy_Connellsville_Airport=Joseph A. Hardy Connellsville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeman_Municipal_Airport=Freeman Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Army_Airfield=Campbell Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuito_Airport=Kuito Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto_Amboim_Airport=Porto Amboim Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumbe_Airport=Sumbe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNAS_Pulham=RNAS Pulham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNAS_Howden=RNAS Howden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Bow_Municipal_Airport=Broken Bow Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anduki_Airfield=Anduki Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampong_Chhnang_Airport=Kampong Chhnang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axe_Lake_Aerodrome=Axe Lake Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaverton_North_Aerodrome=Beaverton North Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Lake_Aerodrome=Doris Lake Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Tamarindo_Airport=El Tamarindo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Pocklington=RAF Pocklington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex/Billing_Airstrip=Essex/Billing Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gahcho_Kue_Aerodrome=Gahcho Kue Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Valley_North_Aerodrome=Grand Valley North Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Bay_Aerodrome=Hope Bay Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selfoss_Airport=Selfoss Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangeville/Laurel_Aerodrome=Orangeville/Laurel Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa/Manotick_(Hope_Field)_Aerodrome=Ottawa/Manotick (Hope Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selkirk/Kindy_Airstrip=Selkirk/Kindy Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoney_Point_(Trepanier)_Aerodrome=Stoney Point (Trepanier) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teeswater_(Dent_Field)_Aerodrome=Teeswater (Dent Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volos_Army_Airport=Volos Army Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Outlying_Field_Santa_Rosa=Naval Outlying Field Santa Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_A._Bain_Airport=Clarence A. Bain Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Andros_Airport=South Andros Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Graham_Clark_Downtown_Airport=M. Graham Clark Downtown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbeville_Chris_Crusta_Memorial_Airport=Abbeville Chris Crusta Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malacky_Air_Base=Malacky Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Firbeck=RAF Firbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston_Airfield=Kingston Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Dounreay=RAF Dounreay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoersel-Oostmalle_Airfield=Zoersel-Oostmalle Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Hubert_Air_Base=Saint-Hubert Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostinho_Neto_Airport=Agostinho Neto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkeetna_Airport=Talkeetna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custer_Airport=Custer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haskovo_Malevo_Airport=Haskovo Malevo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravnets_Air_Base=Ravnets Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Real_Air_Base=Monte Real Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandelle_Estates_Airport=Chandelle Estates Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorman_Airport=Chorman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenkins_Airport=Jenkins Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Aviation_Airport=Henderson Aviation Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Sturgate=RAF Sturgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandpoint_Airport=Sandpoint Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_N._Neu_Airport=Arthur N. Neu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Babdown_Farm=RAF Babdown Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Down_Ampney=RAF Down Ampney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Windle_Municipal_Airport=Paul Windle Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mountain_Airport_(New_Hampshire)=White Mountain Airport (New Hampshire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Northleach=RAF Northleach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Windrush=RAF Windrush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerklje_ob_Krki_Airport=Cerklje ob Krki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamamatsu_Air_Base=Hamamatsu Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shizuhama_Air_Base=Shizuhama Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnervale_Airport=Warnervale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto_Seguro_Airport=Porto Seguro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridali_Airfield=Ridali Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avi_Suquilla_Airport=Avi Suquilla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantnagar_Airport=Pantnagar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minami_Torishima_Airport=Minami Torishima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Pirie_Airport=Port Pirie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oodnadatta_Airport=Oodnadatta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevastopol_International_Airport=Sevastopol International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tok_Junction_Airport=Tok Junction Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Village_Airport=Arctic Village Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venetie_Airport=Venetie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Mission_Airport=Russian Mission Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Libertad_Airport=Ciudad Libertad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Airport=Ruby Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Tatenhill=RAF Tatenhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Lay_LRRS_Airport=Point Lay LRRS Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatitlek_Airport=Tatitlek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Southrop=RAF Southrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mekoryuk_Airport=Mekoryuk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newtok_Airport=Newtok Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorne_Bay_Seaplane_Base=Thorne Bay Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderboom_Airport=Wonderboom Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iswahyudi_Air_Force_Base=Iswahyudi Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasikmalaya_Airport=Tasikmalaya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penggung_Airport=Penggung Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinang_Kampai_Airport=Pinang Kampai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranai_Airport=Ranai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Stoke_Orchard=RAF Stoke Orchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matak_Airport=Matak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oristano-Fenosu_Airport=Oristano-Fenosu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Lions_Airport=Port Lions Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffman_Cove_Seaplane_Base=Coffman Cove Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Baker_Seaplane_Base=Point Baker Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Protection_Seaplane_Base=Port Protection Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Whale_Seaplane_Base=North Whale Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oran_Tafraoui_Airport=Oran Tafraoui Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elwood_Airport=Elwood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Neal_Airport=O'Neal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilroads_Gardens_Airport=Wilroads Gardens Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relizane_Airport=Relizane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghriss_Airport=Ghriss Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saginaw_Airport=Saginaw Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostaganem_Airport=Mostaganem Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Lysandro_Airport=Bartolomeu Lysandro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Ashbourne=RAF Ashbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atkinson_Municipal_Airport=Atkinson Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amakusa_Airfield=Amakusa Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Wagnen_Airport=Van Wagnen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malden_Regional_Airport=Malden Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikeston_Memorial_Municipal_Airport=Sikeston Memorial Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perryville_Municipal_Airport=Perryville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telergma_Airport=Telergma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skikda_Airport=Skikda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Edzell=RAF Edzell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Branch_Airport=Olive Branch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kickapoo_Downtown_Airport=Kickapoo Downtown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Henley-on-Thames=RAF Henley-on-Thames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xi'an_Xiguan_Airport=Xi'an Xiguan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Hampstead_Norris=RAF Hampstead Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Castle_Municipal_Airport=New Castle Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernando_Village_Airpark=Hernando Village Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hettinger_Municipal_Airport=Hettinger Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Station_Sangley_Point=Naval Station Sangley Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Targovishte_Airport=Targovishte Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Station_Cherry_Point=Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fano_Airport=Fano Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokachi_Airfield=Tokachi Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaufort_County_Airport=Beaufort County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jharsuguda_Airport=Jharsuguda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_Air_Force_Base=Santa Cruz Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioia_del_Colle_Air_Base=Gioia del Colle Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria_Municipal_Airport=Alexandria Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Prairie_Municipal_Airport=Long Prairie Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orr_Regional_Airport=Orr Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Wing_Regional_Airport=Red Wing Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milaca_Municipal_Airport=Milaca Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton_Airfield=Stanton Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolly_Fisherman_Seaplane_Base=Jolly Fisherman Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litchfield_Municipal_Airport_(Minnesota)=Litchfield Municipal Airport (Minnesota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyersburg_Regional_Airport=Dyersburg Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadiana_Regional_Airport=Acadiana Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Doncaster=RAF Doncaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritzlar_Air_Base=Fritzlar Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._H._'Bud'_Barron_Airport=W. H. 'Bud' Barron Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur_Hi-Way_Airport=Decatur Hi-Way Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarinkot_Airport=Tarinkot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyutabaru_Air_Base=Nyutabaru Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasuminome_Air_Field=Kasuminome Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsushima_Air_Field=Matsushima Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimofusa_Air_Base=Shimofusa Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisarazu_Air_Field=Kisarazu Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozuki_Air_Field=Ozuki Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasumigaura_Air_Field=Kasumigaura Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanoya_Air_Field=Kanoya Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metabaru_Air_Field=Metabaru Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akeno_Air_Field=Akeno Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahikawa_Air_Field=Asahikawa Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JMSDF_Hachinohe_Air_Base=JMSDF Hachinohe Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gifu_Air_Field=Gifu Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamigoto_Airport=Kamigoto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sado_Airport=Sado Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebun_Airport=Rebun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ojika_Airport=Ojika Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niijima_Airport=Niijima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukui_Airport=Fukui Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashiya_Air_Field=Ashiya Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utsunomiya_Air_Field=Utsunomiya Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JMSDF_Tateyama_Air_Base=JMSDF Tateyama Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuiki_Air_Field=Tsuiki Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davison_Army_Airfield=Davison Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chautauqua_County/Dunkirk_Airport=Chautauqua County/Dunkirk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deming_Municipal_Airport=Deming Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosseto_Airport=Grosseto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cervia_Air_Force_Base=Cervia Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Junction_Airport=Delta Junction Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raroia_Airport=Raroia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solenzara_Air_Base=Solenzara Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luau_Airport=Luau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nui_Dat=Nui Dat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Nouzha_Airport=El Nouzha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamchy_Airport=Tamchy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghisonaccia_Alzitone_Airport=Ghisonaccia Alzitone Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decimomannu_Air_Base=Decimomannu Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falconara_Airport=Falconara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brumowski_Air_Base=Brumowski Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canala_Airport=Canala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haneda_Airport=Haneda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontedera_Airport=Pontedera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka_International_Airport=Osaka International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narita_International_Airport=Narita International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamal_Abdul_El_Nasser_Air_Base=Gamal Abdul El Nasser Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Ismailiyah_Air_Base=Al Ismailiyah Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gila_River_Memorial_Airport=Gila River Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habit_Awlad_Muhammad_Airport=Habit Awlad Muhammad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martuba_Air_Base=Martuba Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Gambut=RAF Gambut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ra's_Lanuf_Airport=Ra's Lanuf Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanur_Airport=Nanur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_World_Airport=Walt Disney World Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Island_Airport=Washington Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Frigate_Shoals_Airport=French Frigate Shoals Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trona_Airport=Trona Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee's_Summit_Municipal_Airport=Lee's Summit Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Charles_County_Smartt_Airport=St. Charles County Smartt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenj_Gradec_Airport=Slovenj Gradec Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulik_Lake_Airport=Kulik Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeKalb_Taylor_Municipal_Airport=DeKalb Taylor Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown_Municipal_Airport=Georgetown Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Nation_Airport=Lost Nation Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorain_County_Regional_Airport=Lorain County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xewkija_Heliport=Xewkija Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Heiden_Airport=Port Heiden Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parlin_Field=Parlin Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Memorial_Airport=Dean Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canandaigua_Airport=Canandaigua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coonagh_Aerodrome=Coonagh Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Edwards_Heliport=Camp Edwards Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Moller_Airport=Port Moller Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekwok_Airport=Ekwok Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Municipal_Airport_(Utah)=Beaver Municipal Airport (Utah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Municipal_Airport=Delta Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobelt_Airport=Kobelt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naknek_Airport=Naknek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gympie_Airport=Gympie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Army_Airfield=George Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicycle_Lake_Army_Airfield=Bicycle Lake Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Cagayan_International_Airport=Northern Cagayan International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tooele_Valley_Airport=Tooele Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afonsos_Air_Force_Base=Afonsos Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lessay_Airport=Lessay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meucon_Airport=Meucon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernouillet_Airport=Vernouillet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toussus-le-Noble_Airport=Toussus-le-Noble Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Valley_Regional_Airport=Illinois Valley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitry-En-Artois_Airport=Vitry-En-Artois Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melun_Villaroche_Aerodrome=Melun Villaroche Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persan-Beaumont_Airport=Persan-Beaumont Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peronne-St_Quentin_Airport=Peronne-St Quentin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambrai-Niergnies_Airport=Cambrai-Niergnies Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdun-Le-Rozelier_Airport=Verdun-Le-Rozelier Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valenciennes-Denain_Airport=Valenciennes-Denain Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sint-Truiden_Air_Base=Sint-Truiden Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Strand_Airport=Grand Strand Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabre_Army_Heliport=Sabre Army Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goetsenhoven_Military_Airfield=Goetsenhoven Military Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frejus_Airport=Frejus Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valence-Chabeuil_Airport=Valence-Chabeuil Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haguenau_Airport=Haguenau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Mswati_III_International_Airport=King Mswati III International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metz-Frescaty_Air_Base=Metz-Frescaty Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zutendaal_Air_Base=Zutendaal Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendig_Air_Base=Mendig Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz_Finthen_Airport=Mainz Finthen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_Tanura_Airport=Ras Tanura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giebelstadt_Airport=Giebelstadt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_Al-Mishab_Airport=Ras Al-Mishab Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Hill_Airport_(New_York)=Pine Hill Airport (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_E._Page_Municipal_Airport=Clarence E. Page Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_Municipal_Airport_(Iowa)=Clinton Municipal Airport (Iowa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_Municipal_Airport_(Minnesota)=Princeton Municipal Airport (Minnesota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Langensalza_Airport=Bad Langensalza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Lesseps_Field=De Lesseps Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haradh_Airport=Haradh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_IAP_Air_Reserve_Station=Pittsburgh IAP Air Reserve Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaybah_Airport=Shaybah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatry_Air_Base=Vatry Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Florida_Beaches_International_Airport=Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollis_Seaplane_Base=Hollis Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streaky_Bay_Airport=Streaky Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitzingen_Airport=Kitzingen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicaro_Airport=Nicaro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Cabrera_Mustelier_Airport=Rafael Cabrera Mustelier Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_B._Russell_Airport=Richard B. Russell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comodoro_Pierrestegui_Airport=Comodoro Pierrestegui Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaanapali_Airport=Kaanapali Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Kissingen_Airport=Bad Kissingen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lechfeld_Air_Base=Lechfeld Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordholz_Naval_Airbase=Nordholz Naval Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy-Essey_Airport=Nancy-Essey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duluth_Air_National_Guard_Base=Duluth Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethem_Airport=Lethem Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kien_An_Airport=Kien An Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phu_Quoc_International_Airport=Phu Quoc International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nampong_Air_Force_Base=Nampong Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamphun_Airport=Lamphun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_de_Noronha_Airport=Fernando de Noronha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponta_Pelada_Airport=Ponta Pelada Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manaus_Air_Force_Base=Manaus Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anqing_Tianzhushan_Airport=Anqing Tianzhushan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sookerating_Air_Force_Station=Sookerating Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panagarh_Airport=Panagarh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Bernardina_International_Airport=Santa Bernardina International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luliang_Air_Base=Luliang Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangzhou_Jianqiao_Airport=Hangzhou Jianqiao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huxian_Airport=Huxian Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaifeng_Air_Base=Kaifeng Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liangping_Airport=Liangping Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiangyun_Airport=Xiangyun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing_Baishiyi_Air_Base=Chongqing Baishiyi Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canaima_Airport=Canaima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhanyi_Airport=Zhanyi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangwan_Airport=Jiangwan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrackpore_Air_Force_Station=Barrackpore Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Green_River_Intergalactic_Spaceport=Greater Green River Intergalactic Spaceport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington_Air_National_Guard_Base=Burlington Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phrae_Airport=Phrae Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Airport=Mona Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lensk_Airport=Lensk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olenyok_Airport=Olenyok Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskylakh_Airport=Saskylakh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhigansk_Airport=Zhigansk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beloyarsk_Airport=Beloyarsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisoro_Airport=Kisoro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidepo_Airport=Kidepo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinja_Airport=Jinja Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakira_Airport=Kakira Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lira_Airport=Lira Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adjumani_Airport=Adjumani Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augsburg_Airport=Augsburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabalega_Falls_Airport=Kabalega Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandwa_Airport=Khandwa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Airport=Virginia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Portal_Airport=Fort Portal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aavahelukka_Airfield=Aavahelukka Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alavus_Airfield=Alavus Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmosuo_Airfield=Ahmosuo Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eura_Airfield=Eura Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forssa_Airfield=Forssa Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haapavesi_Airfield=Haapavesi Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hailuoto_Airfield=Hailuoto Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iisalmi_Airfield=Iisalmi Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ylivieska_Airfield=Ylivieska Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immola_Airfield=Immola Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanko_Airfield=Hanko Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kymi_Airfield=Kymi Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalajoki_Airfield=Kalajoki Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitee_Airfield=Kitee Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wredeby_Airfield=Wredeby Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viitasaari_Airfield=Viitasaari Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannus_Airfield=Kannus Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampula_Airfield=Vampula Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaala_Airfield=Vaala Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rautavaara_Airfield=Rautavaara Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kauhajoki_Airfield=Kauhajoki Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suomussalmi_Airfield=Suomussalmi Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiuruvesi_Airfield=Kiuruvesi Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuhmo_Airfield=Kuhmo Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranua_Airfield=Ranua Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumlinge_Airfield=Kumlinge Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapinlahti_Airfield=Lapinlahti Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieksa-Nurmes_Airfield=Lieksa-Nurmes Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rantasalmi_Airfield=Rantasalmi Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punkaharju_Airfield=Punkaharju Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raahe-Pattijoki_Airfield=Raahe-Pattijoki Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethlehem_Airport=Bethlehem Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampala_Airport=Kampala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabethton_Municipal_Airport=Elizabethton Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bach_Mai_Airfield=Bach Mai Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frasca_Field=Frasca Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_Field=Cannon Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Charan_Singh_International_Airport=Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heber_City_Municipal_Airport=Heber City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrolina_Airport=Petrolina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottbus-Drewitz_Airport=Cottbus-Drewitz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puducherry_Airport=Puducherry Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malikus_Saleh_Airport=Malikus Saleh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Highlands_Airport=Virginia Highlands Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottbus_Air_Base=Cottbus Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottbus-Neuhausen_Airport=Cottbus-Neuhausen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binaka_Airport=Binaka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasikin_Airport=Lasikin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabale_Airport=Kabale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayr/Sargeant_Private_Airfield=Ayr/Sargeant Private Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beausejour/AV-Ranch_Airpark=Beausejour/AV-Ranch Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argyle_International_Airport=Argyle International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Caicos_Airport=North Caicos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Cay_Airport=Salt Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Caicos_Airport=South Caicos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anniston_Air_Force_Base=Anniston Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield_Municipal_Airport_(Illinois)=Fairfield Municipal Airport (Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayette_County_Airport_(Ohio)=Fayette County Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarsawa_Air_Force_Station=Sarsawa Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungannon_Aerodrome=Dungannon Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelbyville_Municipal_Airport_(Indiana)=Shelbyville Municipal Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_Aerodrome=Dwight Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galbraith_Lake_Airport=Galbraith Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton/Morinville_(Currie_Field)_Aerodrome=Edmonton/Morinville (Currie Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton/Morinville_(Mike's_Field)_Aerodrome=Edmonton/Morinville (Mike's Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oconee_County_Regional_Airport=Oconee County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidi_Slimane_Air_Base=Sidi Slimane Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisley_Airfield=Wisley Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.A._Clark_Memorial_Field=H.A. Clark Memorial Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flabob_Airport=Flabob Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courchevel_Altiport=Courchevel Altiport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukunda_Airport=Ukunda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highgate_(South)_Aerodrome=Highgate (South) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karonga_Airport=Karonga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langley_Field=Langley Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mejametalana_Airport=Mejametalana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Lichfield=RAF Lichfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange_Callaway_Airport=LaGrange Callaway Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_Army_Airfield=Midland Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Angelo_Army_Air_Field=San Angelo Army Air Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childress_Army_Airfield=Childress Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Sumner_Municipal_Airport=Fort Sumner Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_Municipal_Airport=Mitchell Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrabelle-Thompson_Airport=Carrabelle-Thompson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Field=Curtis Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Reno_Regional_Airport=El Reno Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Municipal_Airport=Miami Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_County_Airport_(Texas)=Wood County Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston_Municipal_Airport=Charleston Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbarger_County_Airport=Wilbarger County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloyer_Field=Bloyer Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock_Field_(California)=Hancock Field (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Field_(Florida)=Taylor Field (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_Municipal_Airport_(Oklahoma)=Perry Municipal Airport (Oklahoma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holzdorf_Air_Base=Holzdorf Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobito_Airport=Lobito Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Verde_County_Airport=Val Verde County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrell_County_Airport=Terrell County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Field=Jones Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunflower_Aerodrome_Gliderport=Sunflower Aerodrome Gliderport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrell_Field=Harrell Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Field_(airport)=Eagle Field (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuero_Municipal_Airport=Cuero Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._David_Campbell_Field=C. David Campbell Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman_Municipal_Airport=Coleman Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luostari/Pechenga=Luostari/Pechenga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Field=Bruce Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._R._Byron_Airport=W. R. Byron Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel/Whittington_Aerodrome=Laurel/Whittington Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arledge_Field=Arledge Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artesia_Municipal_Airport=Artesia Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenora_Centennial_Airport=Grenora Centennial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrold_Municipal_Airport=Harrold Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douthitt_Strip=Douthitt Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentonville_Municipal_Airport=Bentonville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okmulgee_Regional_Airport=Okmulgee Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_County_Airport=Hale County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rankin_Field=Rankin Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Campbell_Field=Bruce Campbell Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucumcari_Municipal_Airport=Tucumcari Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennett_Memorial_Airport=Kennett Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magas_Airport=Magas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauriston_Airport=Lauriston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Creek_Airport=Christmas Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inezgane_Airport=Inezgane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosamond_Skypark=Rosamond Skypark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Hatfield_Memorial_Airport=Cliff Hatfield Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustenburg_Airfield=Rustenburg Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Williams_Airport=Roy Williams Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malda_Airport=Malda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aappilattoq_Heliport_(Kujalleq)=Aappilattoq Heliport (Kujalleq)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akunnaaq_Heliport=Akunnaaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelotas_International_Airport=Pelotas International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammassivik_Heliport=Ammassivik Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attu_Heliport=Attu Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iginniarfik_Heliport=Iginniarfik Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikerasaarsuk_Heliport=Ikerasaarsuk Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangaatsiaq_Heliport=Kangaatsiaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niaqornaarsuk_Heliport=Niaqornaarsuk Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitsissuarsuit_Heliport=Kitsissuarsuit Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilimanaq_Heliport=Ilimanaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niaqornat_Heliport=Niaqornat Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikamiut_Heliport=Ikamiut Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narsaq_Kujalleq_Heliport=Narsaq Kujalleq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innaarsuit_Heliport=Innaarsuit Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasiusaq_Heliport_(Qaasuitsup)=Tasiusaq Heliport (Qaasuitsup)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasiusaq_Heliport_(Kujalleq)=Tasiusaq Heliport (Kujalleq)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ittoqqortoormiit_Heliport=Ittoqqortoormiit Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isortoq_Heliport=Isortoq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiniteqilaaq_Heliport=Tiniteqilaaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sermiligaaq_Heliport=Sermiligaaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuummiit_Heliport=Kuummiit Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moriusaq_Heliport=Moriusaq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siorapaluk_Heliport=Siorapaluk Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savissivik_Heliport=Savissivik Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Municipal_Airport=Hope Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebensburg_Airport=Ebensburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Georges-de-l'Oyapock_Airport=Saint-Georges-de-l'Oyapock Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maripasoula_Airport=Maripasoula Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinnah_International_Airport=Jinnah International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amedee_Army_Airfield=Amedee Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_S_Ranch_Airport=Flying S Ranch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deblois_Flight_Strip=Deblois Flight Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Flight_Strip=Dell Flight Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homerville_Airport=Homerville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accomack_County_Airport=Accomack County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omak_Airport=Omak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowers_Airport=Bowers Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littlefield_Municipal_Airport=Littlefield Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litchfield_Municipal_Airport_(Illinois)=Litchfield Municipal Airport (Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenmore_Air_Harbor_Seaplane_Base=Kenmore Air Harbor Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur_Municipal_Airport=Decatur Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Lonely_Short_Range_Radar_Site=Point Lonely Short Range Radar Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Galante_Airport=Marie-Galante Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yucca_Valley_Airport=Yucca Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guanaja_Airport=Guanaja Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tela_Airport=Tela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minto_Aerodrome=Minto Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Jurby_Head=RAF Jurby Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Deer/South_40_Airstrip=Red Deer/South 40 Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holtville_Airport=Holtville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Pengam_Moors=RAF Pengam Moors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowe_Army_Heliport=Lowe Army Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voisey's_Bay_Aerodrome=Voisey's Bay Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balurghat_Airport=Balurghat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Bay_Airport=Alexander Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-State_Steuben_County_Airport=Tri-State Steuben County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Air_Park=London Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IIT_Kanpur_Airport=IIT Kanpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimo_Air_Base=Gimo Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Post_Army_Airfield=Henry Post Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Center_Airport=Desert Center Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrison_Flight_Park=Morrison Flight Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Finmere=RAF Finmere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Lake_Aerodrome=Christina Lake Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hague/Guliker_Field_Aerodrome=Hague/Guliker Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disley_Aerodrome=Disley Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pourvoirie_Mirage_Aerodrome=Pourvoirie Mirage Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton_Island_Airport=Canton Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arviat_Water_Aerodrome=Arviat Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_River_Water_Aerodrome=Fall River Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennisis_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Kennisis Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Airpark_Water_Aerodrome=Pontiac Airpark Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Mile_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Six Mile Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Guilford/Redstone_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=West Guilford/Redstone Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Carling/Lake_Joseph_Water_Aerodrome=Port Carling/Lake Joseph Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forks_Airport=Forks Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Airport=Granville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto_Trombetas_Airport=Porto Trombetas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm_Skavsta_Airport=Stockholm Skavsta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Waterbeach=RAF Waterbeach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nannhausen_Airfield=Nannhausen Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neubrandenburg_Airport=Neubrandenburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Army_Depot=Sierra Army Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Point_Airport=Sandy Point Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Harbour_Cay_Airport=Great Harbour Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Cay_Airport=Spanish Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Town_Airport=George Town Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman's_Cay_Airport=Norman's Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staniel_Cay_Airport=Staniel Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Maris_Airport=Stella Maris Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Town_Airport=Duncan Town Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Nelson_Airport=Port Nelson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Point_Airport=Moses Point Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASA_Crows_Landing_Airport=NASA Crows Landing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Seaplane_Base=Philadelphia Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yushu_Batang_Airport=Yushu Batang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Yan_Airport=Saint-Yan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Airport_(Michigan)=Davis Airport (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto_Velho_Air_Force_Base=Porto Velho Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltava_Air_Base=Poltava Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyriatyn_Airport=Pyriatyn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrhorod_Air_Base=Myrhorod Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakaydy=Kakaydy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amougies_Airfield=Amougies Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacacheri_Airport=Bacacheri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Lake_(oil_sands)=Long Lake (oil sands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston_Municipal_Airport_(Texas)=Livingston Municipal Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourges_Airport=Bourges Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aix-en-Provence_Aerodrome=Aix-en-Provence Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foggia_%22Gino_Lisa%22_Airport=Foggia "Gino Lisa" Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latina_Air_Base=Latina Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algeciras_Heliport=Algeciras Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Magsaysay=Fort Magsaysay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Acaster_Malbis=RAF Acaster Malbis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comandante_Gustavo_Kraemer_Airport=Comandante Gustavo Kraemer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NDA_Gliderdrome=NDA Gliderdrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PNS_Mehran=PNS Mehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oppdal_Airport,_Fagerhaug=Oppdal Airport, Fagerhaug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenchen_Airport=Grenchen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videira_Airport=Videira Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natal_Air_Force_Base=Natal Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Delgado_Airport=Alberto Delgado Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Coloma_Airport=La Coloma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawama_Airport=Kawama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Airport_(Cuba)=Florida Airport (Cuba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siguanea_Airport=Siguanea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeward_Point_Field=Leeward Point Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosur_Aerodrome=Hosur Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baumholder_Army_Airfield=Baumholder Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabatinga_International_Airport=Tabatinga International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunan_Shuofang_International_Airport=Sunan Shuofang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooch_Behar_Airport=Cooch Behar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldotna_Airport=Soldotna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello_Airport_(Utah)=Monticello Airport (Utah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_Airpark=Midland Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hawley_Auxiliary_Airport=Mount Hawley Auxiliary Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_County_Regional_Airport=Garfield County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russellville_Regional_Airport=Russellville Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Collins_Downtown_Airport=Fort Collins Downtown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antique_Airfield=Antique Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Wilcox_Airport=Roy Wilcox Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_East_Aerodrome=Camden East Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAF_Base_Korangi=PAF Base Korangi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matawatchan_Aerodrome=Matawatchan Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plattsville_(Lubitz_Flying_Field)_Aerodrome=Plattsville (Lubitz Flying Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Hope_(Peter's_Field)_Aerodrome=Port Hope (Peter's Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nal_Airport=Nal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltava_Airport=Poltava Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goheen_Airport=Goheen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedars_North_Airpark=Cedars North Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_For_Fun_Airport=Fly For Fun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vagabond_Army_Airfield=Vagabond Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selah_Airstrip=Selah Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremerton_National_Airport=Bremerton National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngari_Gunsa_Airport=Ngari Gunsa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colmar_Airport=Colmar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelendzhik_Airport=Gelendzhik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pichilemu_Aerodrome=Pichilemu Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Field_(Alabama)=Franklin Field (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Municipal_Airport_(Texas)=Albany Municipal Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria_Airport_(Indiana)=Alexandria Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleville_Airport=Belleville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandreia_Airport=Alexandreia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton_Airport=Brighton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lausanne_Airport=Lausanne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Pines_Airport=California Pines Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merillat_Airport=Merillat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengbu_Airport=Bengbu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuyang_Xiguan_Airport=Fuyang Xiguan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhu_Airport=Wuhu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville_Regional_Airport=Huntsville Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAFO_Masirah=RAFO Masirah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAFO_Thumrait=RAFO Thumrait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamrock_Airport=Shamrock Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupsi_Airport=Rupsi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Rufforth=RAF Rufforth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Air_National_Guard_Base=Birmingham Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramagundam_Airport=Ramagundam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Holme-on-Spalding_Moor=RAF Holme-on-Spalding Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_Industrial_Air_Park=St. Johns Industrial Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springerville_Municipal_Airport=Springerville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonsan_Airport=Wonsan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samjiyon_Airport=Samjiyon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyesan_Airfield=Hyesan Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allendorf_Airport=Allendorf Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyan_Airstrip=Kalyan Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Tealing=RAF Tealing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Findo_Gask=RAF Findo Gask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Balado_Bridge=RAF Balado Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Ridge_Airport=Ocean Ridge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cerdanya_Aerodrome=La Cerdanya Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Caicos_Airport=Middle Caicos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_County_Airport_(Texas)=Harrison County Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aransas_County_Airport=Aransas County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Castle_Camps=RAF Castle Camps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greytown_Airport=Greytown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zell_am_See_Airport=Zell am See Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusk_County_Airport_(Texas)=Rusk County Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cazombo_Airport=Cazombo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokomo_Municipal_Airport=Kokomo Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yichun_Lindu_Airport=Yichun Lindu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lombok_International_Airport=Lombok International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chodo_Airport=Chodo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoeyang_Southeast_Airport=Hoeyang Southeast Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochise_College_Airport=Cochise College Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southport_Airport=Southport Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon_Bar_10_Airport=Grand Canyon Bar 10 Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westsound/WSX_Seaplane_Base=Westsound/WSX Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishermans_Bay/LPS_Seaplane_Base=Fishermans Bay/LPS Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roche_Harbor_Airport=Roche Harbor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gila_Bend_Municipal_Airport=Gila Bend Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Valley_Airport=Pleasant Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilene_Airport=Bilene Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songo_Airport=Songo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holbrook_Municipal_Airport=Holbrook Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauru-Arealva_Airport=Bauru-Arealva Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curries_(Rand_Private_Airfield)_Aerodrome=Curries (Rand Private Airfield) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauru_Airport=Bauru Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa/Strawberry_Lakes_Aerodrome=Odessa/Strawberry Lakes Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Regional_Airport=Phoenix Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombstone_Municipal_Airport=Tombstone Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannur_International_Airport=Kannur International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kearny_Airport_(Arizona)=Kearny Airport (Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leite_Lopes_Airport=Leite Lopes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Canyon_Airport=Marble Canyon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siler_City_Municipal_Airport=Siler City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidente_Prudente_Airport=Presidente Prudente Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Tuddenham=RAF Tuddenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Caistor=RAF Caistor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Breighton=RAF Breighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Melton_Mowbray=RAF Melton Mowbray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campo_dos_Amarais_Airport=Campo dos Amarais Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlin_Airport=Marlin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Atherstone=RAF Atherstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorocaba_Airport=Sorocaba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Snitterfield=RAF Snitterfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Christchurch=RAF Christchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haddenham_Airfield=Haddenham Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Araraquara_Airport=Araraquara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INS_Garuda=INS Garuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Ansty=RAF Ansty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruben_Berta_International_Airport=Ruben Berta International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Mountain_Air_Facility=Marble Mountain Air Facility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Londrina_Airport=Londrina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauro_Kurtz_Airport=Lauro Kurtz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caxias_do_Sul_Airport=Caxias do Sul Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University-Oxford_Airport=University-Oxford Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_Airport=Rio Grande Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazoo_County_Airport=Yazoo County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa_Airport_(Brazil)=Santa Rosa Airport (Brazil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruleville-Drew_Airport=Ruleville-Drew Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianola_Municipal_Airport=Indianola Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chichijima_Airfield=Chichijima Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Alsworth_Airport=Port Alsworth Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_Carson_County_Airport=Kit Carson County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuels_Field=Samuels Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascavel_Airport=Cascavel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponta_Grossa_Airport=Ponta Grossa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syangboche_Airport=Syangboche Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etimesgut_Air_Base=Etimesgut Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaziemir_Air_Base=Gaziemir Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payam_International_Airport=Payam International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arapongas_Airport=Arapongas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guarapuava_Airport=Guarapuava Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haysfield_Airport=Haysfield Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canoas_Air_Force_Base=Canoas Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erechim_Airport=Erechim Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Minhad_Air_Base=Al Minhad Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamonate_Airport=Chamonate Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfort-Highland_Airport=Frankfort-Highland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticonderoga_Municipal_Airport=Ticonderoga Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola_International_Airport=Angola International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_F_Johnson_Airport=Edward F Johnson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Cammeringham=RAF Cammeringham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luverne_Municipal_Airport=Luverne Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikapur_Airport=Tikapur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanfebagar_Airport=Sanfebagar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braden_Airpark=Braden Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_Field_(Airport)=Logan Field (Airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gusti_Syamsir_Alam_Airport=Gusti Syamsir Alam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matahora_Airport=Matahora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa_Municipal_Airport=Ottawa Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alhambra/Ahlstrom_Aerodrome=Alhambra/Ahlstrom Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(Arthur_South)_Aerodrome=Arthur (Arthur South) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(Peskett_Field)_Aerodrome=Arthur (Peskett Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belwood_(Baird_Field)_Aerodrome=Belwood (Baird Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belwood_(Ellen_Field)_Aerodrome=Belwood (Ellen Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Linton_(Kerr_Field)_Aerodrome=East Linton (Kerr Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton/Calmar_(Maplelane_Farm)_Aerodrome=Edmonton/Calmar (Maplelane Farm) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_(Holyoake_Airfield)_Aerodrome=Fergus (Holyoake Airfield) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Valley_(Madill_Field)_Aerodrome=Grand Valley (Madill Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Valley_(Martin_Field)_Aerodrome=Grand Valley (Martin Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reigle_Field=Reigle Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangeville/Brundle_Field_Aerodrome=Orangeville/Brundle Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sable_Island_Aerodrome=Sable Island Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Esprit_Aerodrome=Saint-Esprit Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Airfield=Andreas Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Sutton_Bridge=RAF Sutton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Army_Airfield=Morris Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INS_Shikra=INS Shikra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlee_County_Airport=Greenlee County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuzhou_Changzhoudao_Airport=Wuzhou Changzhoudao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierraville_Dearwater_Airport=Sierraville Dearwater Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Harlaxton=RAF Harlaxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugesera_International_Airport=Bugesera International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Peaks_Airfield=Spanish Peaks Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Silva_Airstrip=Hector Silva Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chan_Chich_Airstrip=Chan Chich Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sohar_Airport=Sohar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaise_Diagne_International_Airport=Blaise Diagne International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Worthy_Down=RAF Worthy Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore_County_Airport_(Texas)=Moore County Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchinson_County_Airport=Hutchinson County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrews_County_Airport=Andrews County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiltern_Park_Aerodrome=Chiltern Park Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodspeed_Airport=Goodspeed Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Barstow_Municipal_Airport=Jack Barstow Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Forces_Base_Portage_la_Prairie=Canadian Forces Base Portage la Prairie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidsel_Air_Base=Vidsel Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PNS_Makran=PNS Makran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Area_Control_Centre=Toronto Area Control Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duanesburg_Airport=Duanesburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._F._Mitchell_Airport=J. F. Mitchell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Island_Airport=Union Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(Metz_Field)_Aerodrome=Arthur (Metz Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centredale_Aerodrome=Centredale Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_(Royland_Field)_Aerodrome=Fergus (Royland Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_(Vodarek_Field)_Aerodrome=Fergus (Vodarek Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Valley_(Black_Field)_Aerodrome=Grand Valley (Black Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathmore_(Appleton_Field)_Aerodrome=Strathmore (Appleton Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thamesford_(Harydale_Farms)_Aerodrome=Thamesford (Harydale Farms) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George_Municipal_Airport=St. George Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penshurst_Airfield=Penshurst Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindon_Air_Force_Station=Hindon Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tengchong_Tuofeng_Airport=Tengchong Tuofeng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Pass_Army_Airfield=Eagle Pass Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivolto_Air_Force_Base=Rivolto Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baramati_Airport=Baramati Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marden_Airfield=Marden Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Newchurch=RAF Newchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Auxiliary_Landing_Field_Santa_Rosa=Naval Auxiliary Landing Field Santa Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernam_River_Airfield=Bernam River Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muir_Army_Airfield=Muir Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundalk_(Tripp_Field)_Aerodrome=Dundalk (Tripp Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nampa/Hockey_Aerodrome=Nampa/Hockey Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Airpark=Pontiac Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratt_Regional_Airport=Pratt Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Field=Pearson Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westover_Air_Reserve_Base=Westover Air Reserve Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palma_de_Mallorca_Airport=Palma de Mallorca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairbairn,_Canberra=Fairbairn, Canberra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasham_Airfield=Lasham Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Base_Amberley=RAAF Base Amberley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markham_Airport=Markham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Ballykelly=RAF Ballykelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmendorf_Air_Force_Base=Elmendorf Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakselv_Airport,_Banak=Lakselv Airport, Banak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Chitose_Airport=New Chitose Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNAS_Kingsnorth=RNAS Kingsnorth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leach_Airport=Leach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prominent_Hill_Airport=Prominent Hill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsgate_Airport=Ramsgate Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bontang_Airport=Bontang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jilin_Ertaizi_Airport=Jilin Ertaizi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umuarama_Airport=Umuarama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uberaba_Airport=Uberaba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevpatoria_Airport=Yevpatoria Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jerusalem_Airport=New Jerusalem Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montes_Claros_Airport=Montes Claros Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grissom_Aeroplex=Grissom Aeroplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zona_da_Mata_Regional_Airport=Zona da Mata Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAAF_Base_Nabiac=RAAF Base Nabiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Prates_Airport=Carlos Prates Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulo_Afonso_Airport=Paulo Afonso Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juazeiro_do_Norte_Airport=Juazeiro do Norte Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seward_Airport=Seward Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Romanzof_LRRS_Airport=Cape Romanzof LRRS Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Newenham_LRRS_Airport=Cape Newenham LRRS Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Mountain_LRRS_Airport=Indian Mountain LRRS Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Brook_Aerodrome=Hope Brook Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_d'Espoir_Aerodrome=Bay d'Espoir Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperatriz_Airport=Imperatriz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beja_Airport=Beja Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casco_Cove_Coast_Guard_Station=Casco Cove Coast Guard Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Inglevert_Airfield=Saint-Inglevert Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatalina_LRRS_Airport=Tatalina LRRS Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparrevohn_LRRS_Airport=Sparrevohn LRRS Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Aston_Airfield=Coal Aston Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driftwood_Bay_Air_Force_Station_Airfield=Driftwood Bay Air Force Station Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campina_Grande_Airport=Campina Grande Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soroako_Airport=Soroako Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullen_Point_Short_Range_Radar_Site=Bullen Point Short Range Radar Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliktok_Long_Range_Radar_Site=Oliktok Long Range Radar Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Barrow_Long_Range_Radar_Site=Point Barrow Long Range Radar Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodoma_Airport=Dodoma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghardabiya_Air_Base=Ghardabiya Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirchzarten_Airfield=Kirchzarten Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chu_Lai_Air_Base=Chu Lai Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Swingfield=RAF Swingfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanacross_Airport=Tanacross Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altamira_Airport=Altamira Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berdyansk_Airport=Berdyansk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerch_Airport=Kerch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baherove_Air_Base=Baherove Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunswick_Executive_Airport=Brunswick Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parintins_Airport=Parintins Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa/Casselman_(Shea_Field)_Aerodrome=Ottawa/Casselman (Shea Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherkasy_International_Airport=Cherkasy International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una-Comandatuba_Airport=Una-Comandatuba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juiz_de_Fora_Airport=Juiz de Fora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locarno_Airport=Locarno Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barreiras_Airport=Barreiras Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coll_Airport=Coll Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keningau_Airport=Keningau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_Municipal_Airport=Monroe Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palanan_Airport=Palanan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oeiras_Airport=Oeiras Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Dumfries=RAF Dumfries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne_Butzweilerhof_Airport=Cologne Butzweilerhof Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guanambi_Airport=Guanambi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bom_Jesus_da_Lapa_Airport=Bom Jesus da Lapa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caruaru_Airport=Caruaru Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_Maritsa_Airport=Rhodes Maritsa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porecatu_Airport=Porecatu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrazhdebna_Air_Base=Vrazhdebna Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cachimbo_Airport=Cachimbo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisenyi_Airport=Gisenyi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkmenbashi_International_Airport=Turkmenbashi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governador_Valadares_Airport=Governador Valadares Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinop_Airport_(Brazil)=Sinop Airport (Brazil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aropa_Airport=Aropa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varginha_Airport=Varginha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Floresta_Airport=Alta Floresta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dourados_Airport=Dourados Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinyanga_Airport=Shinyanga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Verde_Airport=Rio Verde Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonito_Airport=Bonito Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patos_de_Minas_Airport=Patos de Minas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamantina_Airport=Diamantina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Chailey=RAF Chailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coari_Airport=Coari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelos_Airport=Barcelos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_County_Airport_(Tennessee)=Campbell County Airport (Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonte_Boa_Airport=Fonte Boa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Executive_Airpark=Austin Executive Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pike_County_Airport_(Ohio)=Pike County Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirdi_Airport=Shirdi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilhena_Airport=Vilhena Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapuruquara_Airport=Tapuruquara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barberton_Airport=Barberton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo_Airport_(Brazil)=Toledo Airport (Brazil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confresa_Airport=Confresa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurupi_Airport=Gurupi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carauari_Airport=Carauari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itaituba_Airport=Itaituba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santana_do_Araguaia_Airport=Santana do Araguaia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Dourado_Airport=Monte Dourado Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pongtiku_Airport=Pongtiku Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto_Urucu_Airport=Porto Urucu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_P._Stafford_Airport=Thomas P. Stafford Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattfjelldal_Airport=Hattfjelldal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sohag_International_Airport=Sohag International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Giang_Airport=An Giang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darley_Moor_Airfield=Darley Moor Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfort_Chaux_Airport=Belfort Chaux Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beech_River_Regional_Airport=Beech River Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kargil_Airport=Kargil Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Municipal_Airport_(Minnesota)=Jackson Municipal Airport (Minnesota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ames_Field=Ames Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_Municipal_Airport_(South_Dakota)=Arlington Municipal Airport (South Dakota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Field_(Michigan)=Arnold Field (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Municipal_Airport=Arthur Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lublin_Airport=Lublin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland_County_Airport=Ashland County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Sumners_Sr._Aurora_Municipal_Airport=Jerry Sumners Sr. Aurora Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Municipal_Airport=Baker Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Creek_Airport_(Idaho)=Big Creek Airport (Idaho)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_Airport_(Decatur,_Texas)=Bishop Airport (Decatur, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_Municipal_Airport=Bishop Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bismarck_Memorial_Airport=Bismarck Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield_Municipal_Airport_(Nebraska)=Bloomfield Municipal Airport (Nebraska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolivar_Municipal_Airport=Bolivar Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boone_County_Airport_(Indiana)=Boone County Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boonville_Airport_(Indiana)=Boonville Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booneville/Baldwyn_Airport=Booneville/Baldwyn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowman_Field_(Maine)=Bowman Field (Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Airport_(Texas)=Buffalo Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tradewind_Airport=Tradewind Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_County_Airport=Edgar County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingersoll_Airport=Ingersoll Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogle_County_Airport=Ogle County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochelle_Municipal_Airport=Rochelle Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pekin_Municipal_Airport=Pekin Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunming_Changshui_International_Airport=Kunming Changshui International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manito_Mitchell_Airport=Manito Mitchell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil_Clay_County_Airport=Brazil Clay County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Municipal_Airport_(Missouri)=Buffalo Municipal Airport (Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell_Municipal_Airport_(Kansas)=Caldwell Municipal Airport (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calhoun_County_Airport_(Mississippi)=Calhoun County Airport (Mississippi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Municipal_Airport_(Ohio)=Cambridge Municipal Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Municipal_Airport_(Nebraska)=Cambridge Municipal Airport (Nebraska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll_County_Airport_(Tennessee)=Carroll County Airport (Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll_County_Airport_(Arkansas)=Carroll County Airport (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vashon_Municipal_Airport=Vashon Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kauhava_Airport=Kauhava Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moyglare_Airfield=Moyglare Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoskins_Field_(Washington)=Hoskins Field (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_Air_National_Guard_Base=Barnes Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Air_National_Guard_Base=Charlotte Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_Air_National_Guard_Base=Montgomery Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines_Air_National_Guard_Base=Des Moines Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresno_Air_National_Guard_Base=Fresno Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Mitchell_Air_National_Guard_Base=General Mitchell Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gowen_Field_Air_National_Guard_Base=Gowen Field Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_C._Thompson_Air_National_Guard_Base_Field=Allen C. Thompson Air National Guard Base Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Field_Air_National_Guard_Base=Key Field Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsley_Field_Air_National_Guard_Base=Kingsley Field Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiritwood/H_&_M_Fast_Farms_Aerodrome=Spiritwood/H & M Fast Farms Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton/Bleibler_Ranch_Aerodrome=Clinton/Bleibler Ranch Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethbridge_(Mercer_Field)_Aerodrome=Lethbridge (Mercer Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobridge_Municipal_Airport=Mobridge Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville_Air_National_Guard_Base=Louisville Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Lahm_Air_National_Guard_Base=Mansfield Lahm Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halli_Airport=Halli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Pune_International_Airport=New Pune International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston_Air_National_Guard_Base=Charleston Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo_Air_National_Guard_Base=Toledo Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butare_Airport=Butare Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaverlodge/Clanachan_Aerodrome=Beaverlodge/Clanachan Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis_Air_National_Guard_Base=Memphis Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schomberg_(Sloan_Field)_Aerodrome=Schomberg (Sloan Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stayner_(Clearview_Field)_Aerodrome=Stayner (Clearview Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Municipal_Airport_(Indiana)=Marion Municipal Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Municipal_Airport_(Ohio)=Marion Municipal Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masvingo_Airport=Masvingo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peoria_Air_National_Guard_Base=Peoria Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_Air_National_Guard_Base=Savannah Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepherd_Field_Air_National_Guard_Base=Shepherd Field Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Harbor_Air_National_Guard_Base=Sky Harbor Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Kent_Aerodrome=Upper Kent Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan/Kirkcaldy_Aerodrome=Vulcan/Kirkcaldy Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter's_Falls_(Piper_Way)_Aerodrome=Walter's Falls (Piper Way) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood/Loche_Mist_Farms_Aerodrome=Wildwood/Loche Mist Farms Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idiofa_Airport=Idiofa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotakoli_Air_Base=Kotakoli Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buta_Zega_Airport=Buta Zega Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Meadville_Airport=Port Meadville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakuru_Airport=Nakuru Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moyale_Airport=Moyale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliye_Springs_Airport=Eliye Springs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embu_Airport=Embu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garba_Tula_Airport=Garba Tula Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garissa_Airport=Garissa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hola_Airport=Hola Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homa_Bay_Airport=Homa Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isiolo_Airport=Isiolo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsabit_Airport=Marsabit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandera_Airport=Mandera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaibah_Air_Base=Shaibah Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taif_Air_Base=Taif Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Faisal_Naval_Base=King Faisal Naval Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H-4_Air_Base=H-4 Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maimana_Airport=Maimana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utti_Airport=Utti Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Cottam=RAF Cottam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghazni_Airport=Ghazni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpe_d'Huez_Airport=Alpe d'Huez Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INS_Hansa=INS Hansa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethbridge_Airpark=Lethbridge Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INS_Utkrosh=INS Utkrosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INS_Dega=INS Dega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INS_Parundu=INS Parundu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarion_County_Airport=Clarion County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yulin_Yuyang_Airport=Yulin Yuyang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danilo_Atienza_Air_Base=Danilo Atienza Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaqatala_International_Airport=Zaqatala International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligarh_Airport=Aligarh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhansi_Airport=Jhansi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meerut_Airport=Meerut Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bareilly_Airport=Bareilly Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muirpur_Airport=Muirpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emirau_Airport=Emirau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultanpur_Airport=Sultanpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pignon_Airport=Pignon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaeton_Airport=Phaeton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushinagar_Airport=Kushinagar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moradabad_Airport=Moradabad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qianjiang_Wulingshan_Airport=Qianjiang Wulingshan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadowbank_Aerodrome=Meadowbank Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmanabad_Airport=Osmanabad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangzhou_Taizhou_Airport=Yangzhou Taizhou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozar_Airport=Ozar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yavatmal_Airport=Yavatmal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadapsar_Airport=Hadapsar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Gandersheim_Airport=Bad Gandersheim Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daqing_Sartu_Airport=Daqing Sartu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maize_Airport=Maize Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moundville_Airport=Moundville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyharbor_Airport=Skyharbor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changhai_Airport=Changhai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixie_USFS_Airport=Dixie USFS Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Bar_USFS_Airport=Wilson Bar USFS Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orogrande_Airport=Orogrande Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho_County_Airport=Idaho County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Mills_Municipal_Airport=New York Mills Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGehee_Catfish_Restaurant_Airport=McGehee Catfish Restaurant Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_County_Airport=Love County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falconhead_Airport=Falconhead Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bell_Williams_Airport=John Bell Williams Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changbaishan_Airport=Changbaishan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakasongola_Airport=Nakasongola Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hefei_Xinqiao_International_Airport=Hefei Xinqiao International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongwei_Shapotou_Airport=Zhongwei Shapotou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akbarpur_Airport=Akbarpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turpan_Jiaohe_Airport=Turpan Jiaohe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward_Operating_Base_Jackson=Forward Operating Base Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaoyang_Airport=Chaoyang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libo_Airport=Libo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville_Municipal_Airport_(Arkansas)=Huntsville Municipal Airport (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_Municipal_Airport_(Utah)=Huntington Municipal Airport (Utah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Airport_(Alaska)=Hope Airport (Alaska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsboro_Municipal_Airport_(North_Dakota)=Hillsboro Municipal Airport (North Dakota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayville_Municipal_Airport=Mayville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubay_Airport=Ubay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutaw_Municipal_Airport=Eutaw Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Jones_Field=Freddie Jones Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Outlying_Field_Barin=Naval Outlying Field Barin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Reynolds/North_Mobile_County_Airport=Mark Reynolds/North Mobile County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Hill_Municipal_Airport=Pine Hill Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeves_Airport=Reeves Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamar_County_Airport=Lamar County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubbard_Landing_Seaplane_Base=Hubbard Landing Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_River_Airport=Stony River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Airport=Chicken Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Louise_Airport=Lake Louise Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ophir_Airport=Ophir Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copper_Center_Airport=Copper Center Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Commission_Airport=Road Commission Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Creek_Airport=Yankee Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Bantilan_Airport=Sultan Bantilan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buol_Airport=Buol Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pogogul_Airport=Pogogul Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puckett_Gliderport=Puckett Gliderport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilhowee_Gliderport=Chilhowee Gliderport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estrella_Sailport=Estrella Sailport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangding_Airport=Kangding Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archer_Memorial_Field=Archer Memorial Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_B._Florence_Memorial_Field=Dexter B. Florence Memorial Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman_Memorial_Field=Chapman Memorial Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianshui_Maijishan_Airport=Tianshui Maijishan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Lewis_County_Airport=South Lewis County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Army_Airfield=Robinson Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_Field=Kirk Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searcy_Municipal_Airport=Searcy Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z._M._Jack_Stell_Field=Z. M. Jack Stell Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohe_Gulian_Airport=Mohe Gulian Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yongzhou_Lingling_Airport=Yongzhou Lingling Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa_Padang_Airport=Tampa Padang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baise_Bama_Airport=Baise Bama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingtai_Dalian_Airport=Xingtai Dalian Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila_Municipal_Airport=Manila Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petit_Jean_Park_Airport=Petit Jean Park Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blytheville_Municipal_Airport=Blytheville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_City_Municipal_Airport=Forrest City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khan_Jahan_Ali_Airport=Khan Jahan Ali Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_F._Cantrell_Field=Dennis F. Cantrell Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Wofford_Airport=Sally Wofford Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Lynn_Helms_Sevier_County_Airport=J. Lynn Helms Sevier County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batesville_Regional_Airport=Batesville Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp_County_Regional_Airport=Sharp County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinchang_Jinchuan_Airport=Jinchang Jinchuan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qinhuangdao_Beidaihe_Airport=Qinhuangdao Beidaihe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heber_Springs_Municipal_Airport=Heber Springs Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrilton_Municipal_Airport=Morrilton Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodruff_County_Airport=Woodruff County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buli_Airport=Buli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Atty_Bessing_Airport=Robert Atty Bessing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanga_Pinoh_Airport=Nanga Pinoh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melalan_Airport=Melalan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhangjiakou_Ningyuan_Airport=Zhangjiakou Ningyuan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengde_Airport=Chengde Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chizhou_Jiuhuashan_Airport=Chizhou Jiuhuashan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sei_Bati_Airport=Sei Bati Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Lumban_Tobing_Airport=Ferdinand Lumban Tobing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhangye_Ganzhou_Airport=Zhangye Ganzhou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aek_Godang_Airport=Aek Godang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tambolaka_Airport=Tambolaka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wamena_Airport=Wamena Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huizhou_Airport=Huizhou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trunojoyo_Airport=Trunojoyo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blimbingsari_Airport=Blimbingsari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonghua_Sanyuanpu_Airport=Tonghua Sanyuanpu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nusawiru_Airport=Nusawiru Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zunyi_Xinzhou_Airport=Zunyi Xinzhou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wutaishan_Airport=Wutaishan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiaxing_Airport=Jiaxing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaoguan_Guitou_Airport=Shaoguan Guitou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baracoa_Regional_Airport=Baracoa Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beringin_Airport=Beringin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shennongjia_Hongping_Airport=Shennongjia Hongping Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delingha_Airport=Delingha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hengyang_Bajialing_Airport=Hengyang Bajialing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hengyang_Nanyue_Airport=Hengyang Nanyue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangrao_Sanqingshan_Airport=Shangrao Sanqingshan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hechi_Jinchengjiang_Airport=Hechi Jinchengjiang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiagedaqi_Airport=Jiagedaqi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanming_Shaxian_Airport=Sanming Shaxian Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yantai_Penglai_International_Airport=Yantai Penglai International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugimanuru_Airport=Sugimanuru Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syukuran_Aminuddin_Amir_Airport=Syukuran Aminuddin Amir Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melangguane_Airport=Melangguane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_King_Creek_Airport=Gold King Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_Mountain_Lodge_Airport=Devils Mountain Lodge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birchwood_Airport=Birchwood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandalar_Lake_Airport=Chandalar Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton_Island_Airport=Middleton Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yichun_Mingyueshan_Airport=Yichun Mingyueshan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_Creek_Airport=Portage Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wairoa_Aerodrome=Wairoa Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Muhammad_Kaharuddin_III_Airport=Sultan Muhammad Kaharuddin III Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andi_Jemma_Airport=Andi Jemma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betoambari_Airport=Betoambari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linfen_Qiaoli_Airport=Linfen Qiaoli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinyang_Minggang_Airport=Xinyang Minggang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gannan_Xiahe_Airport=Gannan Xiahe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saginaw_Seaplane_Base=Saginaw Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paxson_Airport=Paxson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wainwright_Air_Station=Wainwright Air Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaili_Huangping_Airport=Kaili Huangping Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijie_Feixiong_Airport=Bijie Feixiong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoonah_Seaplane_Base=Hoonah Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skagway_Seaplane_Base=Skagway Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haines_Seaplane_Base=Haines Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Town_Aerodrome=George Town Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiyan_Wudangshan_Airport=Shiyan Wudangshan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Springs_Airport=Hot Springs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dysart_Airport=Dysart Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pweto_Airport=Pweto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiambak_Airport=Aiambak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepa_Airport=Pepa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manguinhos_Airport=Manguinhos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bensbach_Airport=Bensbach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_Nyak_Dhien_Airport=Cut Nyak Dhien Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamo_Airport=Salamo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manguna_Airport=Manguna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ihu_Airport=Ihu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulolo_Airport=Bulolo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fedara_International_Airport=Fedara International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belwood_(Wright_Field)_Aerodrome=Belwood (Wright Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary/Christiansen_Field_Aerodrome=Calgary/Christiansen Field Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Englehart_(Dave's_Field)_Aerodrome=Englehart (Dave's Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabiru_Airport=Jabiru Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Sound_(Cook_Field)_Aerodrome=Owen Sound (Cook Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thor_Lake_Aerodrome=Thor Lake Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altenstadt_Air_Base=Altenstadt Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Melton_Aerodrome=West Melton Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Witchford=RAF Witchford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malpensa_Airport=Malpensa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimoga_Airport=Shimoga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juba_International_Airport=Juba International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulbarga_Airport=Gulbarga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassan_Airport,_Karnataka=Hassan Airport, Karnataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mielec_Airport=Mielec Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gdynia-Kosakowo_Airport=Gdynia-Kosakowo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koszalin-Zegrze_Pomorskie_Airport=Koszalin-Zegrze Pomorskie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sochaczew-Bielice_Airport=Sochaczew-Bielice Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radom_Airport=Radom Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnica_Airport=Legnica Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krosno_Airport=Krosno Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caiari_Airport=Caiari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cacoal_Airport=Cacoal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sandy_Airport=Big Sandy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca_Tit_Mellil_Airport=Casablanca Tit Mellil Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_Downtown_Heliport=Indianapolis Downtown Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldas_Novas_Airport=Caldas Novas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arak_Airport=Arak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payerne_Air_Base=Payerne Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Saintes_Airport=Les Saintes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Kaldadarnes=RAF Kaldadarnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum_New_International_Airport=Khartoum New International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raebareli_Airport=Raebareli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufker_Airport=Lufker Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilpancingo_National_Airport=Chilpancingo National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Barbara_Regional_Airport=Santa Barbara Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNAS_Prawle_Point=RNAS Prawle Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Municipal_Airport_(Minnesota)=Tracy Municipal Airport (Minnesota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrukhabad_Airport=Farrukhabad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slavyansk-na-Kubani_(Airport)=Slavyansk-na-Kubani (Airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhneudinsk_Airport=Nizhneudinsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscat_International_Airport=Muscat International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCalla_Field=McCalla Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huatugou_Airport=Huatugou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condobolin_Airport=Condobolin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex_Skypark=Essex Skypark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongsha_Island_Airport=Dongsha Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiping_Island_Airport=Taiping Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agaun_Airport=Agaun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehsana_Airport=Mehsana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deesa_Airport=Deesa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belladere_Airport=Belladere Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinche_Airport=Hinche Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouanaminthe_Airport=Ouanaminthe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collarenebri_Airport=Collarenebri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golfo_de_Morrosquillo_Airport=Golfo de Morrosquillo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Zone_International_Airport=Southern Zone International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duhok_International_Airport=Duhok International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondia_Airport=Gondia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harford_County_Airport=Harford County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismayo_Airport=Kismayo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelia_Fort_Airpark=Cornelia Fort Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qabala_Airport=Qabala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_International_Airport=Villa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempsey_Airport=Kempsey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Airport=Kota Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panna_Airport=Panna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Airport_(New_South_Wales)=Warren Airport (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croker_Island_Airport=Croker Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Point_Airport=Garden Point Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngukurr_Airport=Ngukurr Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khowai_Airport=Khowai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamalpur_Airport=Kamalpur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont_Airport=Clermont Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirranbandi_Airport=Dirranbandi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goondiwindi_Airport=Goondiwindi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Deseado_Airport=Puerto Deseado Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Cook_Aerodrome=Mount Cook Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Teresita_Airport=Santa Teresita Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necochea_Airport=Necochea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertson_Airfield=Robertson Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abingdon_Airport=Abingdon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atkamba_Airport=Atkamba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrabury_Airport=Arrabury Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apalapsili_Airport=Apalapsili Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haliwen_Airport=Haliwen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aguaclara_Airport=Aguaclara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amahai_Airport=Amahai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunung_Batin_Airport=Gunung Batin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anggi_Airport=Anggi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alor_Island_Airport=Alor Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arso_Airport=Arso Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayawasi_Airport=Ayawasi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolaang_Airport=Bolaang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjina_Airport=Benjina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turelelo_Soa_Airport=Turelelo Soa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokondini_Airport=Bokondini Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babo_Airport=Babo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bade_Airport=Bade Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batom_Airport=Batom Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunyu_Airport=Bunyu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngloram_Airport=Ngloram Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabra_Airport=Dabra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobo_Airport=Dobo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enarotali_Airport=Enarotali Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewer_Airport=Ewer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andamooka_Airport=Andamooka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnew_Airport=Agnew Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argyle_Downs_Airport=Argyle Downs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akieni_Airport=Akieni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Plata_Airport=La Plata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Armstrong_Airport=Neil Armstrong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gualaco_Airport=Gualaco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurien_Bay_Airport=Jurien Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortina_Airport=Cortina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Guezzam_Airport=In Guezzam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fillmore_County_Airport=Fillmore County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronson_Creek_Airport=Bronson Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindal_Airport=Sindal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stauning_Vestjylland_Airport=Stauning Vestjylland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skive_Airport=Skive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Arturo_Umberto_Illia_Airport=Dr. Arturo Umberto Illia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boufarik_Airport=Boufarik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herning_Airport=Herning Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randers_Airport=Randers Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braga_Airport=Braga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vila_Real_Airport=Vila Real Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Higueras_Airport=Las Higueras Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearview_Airpark=Clearview Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viseu_Airport=Viseu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Mekrareg_Airport=L'Mekrareg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karad_Airport=Karad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Simons_Vela_Airport=Juan Simons Vela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gara_Djebilet_Airport=Gara Djebilet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Reynolds_Airport=Villa Reynolds Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reconquista_Airport=Reconquista Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhon_Sawan_Airport=Nakhon Sawan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Facility_Adak=Naval Air Facility Adak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambriz_Airport=Ambriz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberia_Airport=Iberia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskilstuna_Airport=Eskilstuna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapel_Airstrip=Mapel Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goya_Airport=Goya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Araracuara_Airport=Araracuara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tartagal_%22General_Enrique_Mosconi%22_Airport=Tartagal "General Enrique Mosconi" Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achutupo_Airport=Achutupo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paso_de_los_Libres_Airport=Paso de los Libres Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takaka_Aerodrome=Takaka Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaikohe_Aerodrome=Kaikohe Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buenos_Aires_Airport_(Costa_Rica)=Buenos Aires Airport (Costa Rica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalmonirhat_Airport=Lalmonirhat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semonkong_Airport=Semonkong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Abdul_Majeed_bin_Abdulaziz_Domestic_Airport=Prince Abdul Majeed bin Abdulaziz Domestic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namrole_Airport=Namrole Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namlea_Airport=Namlea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andulo_Airport=Andulo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cafunfo_Airport=Cafunfo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaxilo_Airport=Camaxilo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cangamba_Airport=Cangamba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okha_Airport=Okha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitato_Airport=Chitato Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_Municipal_Airport=Portage Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulundi_Airport=Ulundi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuito_Cuanavale_Airport=Cuito Cuanavale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuville_Airport=Neuville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gobernador_Gordillo_Airport=Gobernador Gordillo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirico_Airport=Dirico Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumbala_Airport=Lumbala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Range_Airport=Buffalo Range Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centenary_Airport=Centenary Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kariba_Airport=Kariba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Anau_Airport=Te Anau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Church_Lawford=RAF Church Lawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Santacruz=RAF Santacruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusaka_City_Airport=Lusaka City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuango-Luzamba_Airport=Cuango-Luzamba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lideta_Army_Airport=Lideta Army Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maquela_Airport=Maquela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N'zeto_Airport=N'zeto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waco_Kungo_Airport=Waco Kungo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_Airport_(Argentina)=Santa Cruz Airport (Argentina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_Airport_(Portugal)=Santa Cruz Airport (Portugal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Warwick=RAF Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeongseok_Airport=Jeongseok Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varandey_Airport=Varandey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genting_Airport=Genting Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Hockley_Heath=RAF Hockley Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wirasaba_Airport=Wirasaba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiome_Airport=Aiome Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumare_Airport=Gumare Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghinnir_Airport=Ghinnir Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hukuntsi_Airport=Hukuntsi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zvishavane_Airport=Zvishavane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Southam=RAF Southam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethbridge_(J3_Airfield)_Aerodrome=Lethbridge (J3 Airfield) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matoush_Aerodrome=Matoush Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel/Lumsden_Air_Park=Nobel/Lumsden Air Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Worcester=RAF Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montijo_Air_Base=Montijo Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_Lake_Airport=Wrong Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assis_Airport=Assis Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutoko_Airport=Mutoko Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perito_Moreno_Airport=Perito Moreno Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talcha_Airport=Talcha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampampamena_Airport=Ampampamena Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zomba_Airport=Zomba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arivonimamo_Air_Base=Arivonimamo Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springvale_Airport_(Western_Australia)=Springvale Airport (Western Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springvale_Airport_(Queensland)=Springvale Airport (Queensland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kroonstad_Airport=Kroonstad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bitteswell=RAF Bitteswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhule_Airport=Dhule Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Gregory_Airport=Lake Gregory Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ourinhos_Airport=Ourinhos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Lilbourne=RAF Lilbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Lindley=RAF Lindley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotwa_Airport=Kotwa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitam_Airport=Bitam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Manyara_Airport=Lake Manyara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tres_Arroyos_Airport=Tres Arroyos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comodoro_P._Zanni_Airport=Comodoro P. Zanni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cachoeiro_de_Itapemirim_Airport=Cachoeiro de Itapemirim Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Snaith=RAF Snaith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishe_Kola_Air_Base=Bishe Kola Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Airport_(Chile)=Victoria Airport (Chile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yecheon_Air_Base=Yecheon Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juara_Airport=Juara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensboro_North_Airport=Greensboro North Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Watchfield=RAF Watchfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkfield/Balsam_Lake_Aerodrome=Kirkfield/Balsam Lake Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olds/North_40_Ranch_Aerodrome=Olds/North 40 Ranch Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Deer/Truant_Aerodrome=Red Deer/Truant Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina/Aerogate_Aerodrome=Regina/Aerogate Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reindeer_Lake/Lindbergh_Lodge_Aerodrome=Reindeer Lake/Lindbergh Lodge Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itumbiara_Airport=Itumbiara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Bosque_Airport=El Bosque Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Bay_Municipal_Airport=Silver Bay Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pato_Branco_Airport=Pato Branco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buin_Airport=Buin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husum_Schwesing_Airport=Husum Schwesing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jever_Air_Base=Jever Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wunstorf_Air_Base=Wunstorf Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diepholz_Air_Base=Diepholz Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varrelbusch_Airport=Varrelbusch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rheine-Hopsten_Air_Base=Rheine-Hopsten Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achmer_Airport=Achmer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knokke-Zoute_Airfield=Knokke-Zoute Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fliegerhorst_Vlamertinge=Fliegerhorst Vlamertinge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schaffen_Air_Base=Schaffen Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haren_Airport=Haren Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendon_Aerodrome=Glendon Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sint-Denijs-Westrem_Airfield=Sint-Denijs-Westrem Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapala_Airport=Zapala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Caseros_Airport=Monte Caseros Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_Urbe_Airport=Rome Urbe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Dolores_Airport=Villa Dolores Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicenza_Airport=Vicenza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padua_Airport=Padua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treviso-Istrana_Air_Base=Treviso-Istrana Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piacenza-San_Damiano_Air_Base=Piacenza-San Damiano Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingeniero_Jacobacci_Airport=Ingeniero Jacobacci Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipiranga_Airport=Ipiranga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamburao_Airport=Mamburao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon_Municipal_Airport_(Tennessee)=Lebanon Municipal Airport (Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusambo_Airport=Lusambo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_W._Jones_Lebanon_Airport=Floyd W. Jones Lebanon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Silloth=RAF Silloth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitalchay_Military_Airbase=Sitalchay Military Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MKT_Airfield=MKT Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Abbots_Bromley=RAF Abbots Bromley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_de_Cans_International_Airport=Val de Cans International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bradwell_Bay=RAF Bradwell Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_County_Memorial_Airport=Warren County Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkins_County_Airport=Hawkins County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maury_County_Airport=Maury County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayetteville_Municipal_Airport_(Tennessee)=Fayetteville Municipal Airport (Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboulaye_Airport=Laboulaye Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kang_Airport=Kang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanye_Airport=Kanye Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resende_Airport=Resende Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khwai_River_Airport=Khwai River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renhuai_Maotai_Airport=Renhuai Maotai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobatse_Airport=Lobatse Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aba_Airport=Aba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makalamabedi_Airport=Makalamabedi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nata_Airport=Nata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisantekraal_Airfield=Fisantekraal Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulongwe_Airport=Ulongwe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokaneng_Airport=Nokaneng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palapye_Airport=Palapye Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maitland_Airport=Maitland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetmore_Municipal_Airport=Jetmore Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Aerodrome=Erie Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dupree_Municipal_Airport=Dupree Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kittyhawk_Airport=Kittyhawk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luray_Caverns_Airport=Luray Caverns Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hound_Run_Airport=Hound Run Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luskintyre_Airfield=Luskintyre Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubois_Municipal_Airport_(Wyoming)=Dubois Municipal Airport (Wyoming)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harford_Field=Harford Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Grove_Airport=Elk Grove Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixley_Airport=Pixley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woitape_Airport=Woitape Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapini_Airport=Tapini Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranchaero_Airport=Ranchaero Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakops_Airport=Rakops Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Skypark=Paradise Skypark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornell_Municipal_Airport=Hornell Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Appledram=RAF Appledram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langenlonsheim_Airfield=Langenlonsheim Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNAS_Eglinton_(HMS_Gannet)=RNAS Eglinton (HMS Gannet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNAS_Ballykelly_(HMS_Sealion)=RNAS Ballykelly (HMS Sealion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Roborough=RAF Roborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freehold_Airport=Freehold Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owasco_Airport=Owasco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Beach_Airport=Virginia Beach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tho_Xuan_Airport=Tho Xuan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa_International_Airport=Santa Rosa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serowe_Airport=Serowe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savuti_Airport=Savuti Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshabong_Airport=Tshabong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhytomyr_Airport=Zhytomyr Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McMurray_(South_Liege)_Aerodrome=Fort McMurray (South Liege) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McMurray_(Legend)_Aerodrome=Fort McMurray (Legend) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McMurray_(North_Liege)_Aerodrome=Fort McMurray (North Liege) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lymanske_Airport=Lymanske Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izmail_International_Airport=Izmail International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kremenchuk_Airport=Kremenchuk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lviv_Stryi_Airport=Lviv Stryi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choteau_Airport=Choteau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sky_Airport=Big Sky Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheatland_County_Airport=Wheatland County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Airport=Jordan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Field=Mission Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sher-Wood_Airport=Sher-Wood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundup_Airport=Roundup Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby_Airport=Shelby Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Falls_Airport=Thompson Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Depati_Parbo_Airport=Depati Parbo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshane_Airport=Tshane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuli_Lodge_Airport=Tuli Lodge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xugana_Airport=Xugana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaoua_Airport=Gaoua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gitega_Airport=Gitega Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutong_Airport=Lutong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caloundra_Airport=Caloundra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Clifton=RAF Clifton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coalinga_Municipal_Airport_(Old)=Coalinga Municipal Airport (Old)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdon_Airpark=Kingdon Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Mirage_Field=El Mirage Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Butte_Field_Airport=Grey Butte Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer_County_Airport_(Illinois)=Mercer County Airport (Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_County_Airport_(Nebraska)=Grant County Airport (Nebraska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_County_Airport_(West_Virginia)=Grant County Airport (West Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inyo_County_Airport=Inyo County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adamson_Landing_Field=Adamson Landing Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_County_Airport=Crawford County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsboro_Municipal_Airport_(Illinois)=Hillsboro Municipal Airport (Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Hill_Airport=Olive Hill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugashik_Bay_Airport=Ugashik Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugashik_Airport=Ugashik Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangqiu_Airport=Shangqiu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuyuan_Dongji_Airport=Fuyuan Dongji Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Municipal_Airport=Grant Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingaroy_Airport=Kingaroy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings_Airport_(Michigan)=Hastings Airport (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings_Municipal_Airport=Hastings Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eckert_Field_Airport=Eckert Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscoda_County_Dennis_Kauffman_Memorial_Airport=Oscoda County Dennis Kauffman Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzzwick_Airport=Buzzwick Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avoca_Airport=Avoca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwrick_Flying_%22M%22_Airport=Milwrick Flying "M" Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Creek_Airport_(Michigan)=Lost Creek Airport (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lake_Airport=Green Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton_Airport_(Michigan)=Dalton Airport (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Airport_(Michigan)=Empire Airport (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taroom_Airport=Taroom Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuba_Airport=Yuba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duford_Field=Duford Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woltermann_Memorial_Airport=Woltermann Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Southwest_Airport=Columbus Southwest Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Chattahoochee_Regional_Airport=Lower Chattahoochee Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rust_Airstrip=Rust Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_County_Airport=Baldwin County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_B._David_Field=Tom B. David Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schleswig_Air_Base=Schleswig Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Paul_Vance_Fredericktown_Regional_Airport=A. Paul Vance Fredericktown Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Plains_Regional_Airport=West Plains Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery-Wehrman_Airport=Montgomery-Wehrman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Park_South=Air Park South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton-Kauffman_Memorial_Airport=Princeton-Kauffman Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirundo_Airport=Kirundo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Kelstern=RAF Kelstern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongu_Airport=Mongu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southdowns_Airport=Southdowns Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasompe_Airport=Kasompe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasaba_Bay_Airport=Kasaba Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleve_Airport=Cleve Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowell_Airport=Cowell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimba_Airport=Kimba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leigh_Creek_Airport=Leigh Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loxton_Airport=Loxton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naracoorte_Airport=Naracoorte Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waikerie_Airport=Waikerie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wudinna_Airport=Wudinna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundji_Airport=Boundji Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaikal_Airport=Karaikal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_City_Municipal_Airport_(South_Carolina)=Lake City Municipal Airport (South Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djambala_Airport=Djambala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Airport=River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood_Municipal_Airport_(Mississippi)=Greenwood Municipal Airport (Mississippi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville_Municipal_Airport_(Mississippi)=Greenville Municipal Airport (Mississippi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaughn_Airport=Vaughn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stinson_Field_Municipal_Airport=Stinson Field Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McClellan_Army_Airfield=Fort McClellan Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Airport_(Alabama)=Henderson Airport (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallassee_Airport=Tallassee Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selma_Municipal_Airport=Selma Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Island_Airport=Phillip Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackinac_County_Airport=Mackinac County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewo_Airport=Ewo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alegrete_Airport=Alegrete Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamboma_Airport=Gamboma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_County_Airport=Halifax County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Hill_Airport=Pink Hill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson's_Airport=Wilson's Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocracoke_Island_Airport=Ocracoke Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stampede_Airport=Stampede Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dothan_Municipal_Airport=Dothan Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vryburg_Airport=Vryburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impfondo_Airport=Impfondo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cue_Airport=Cue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derby_Airport=Derby Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitzroy_Crossing_Airport=Fitzroy Crossing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullewa_Airport=Mullewa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yongxing_Island_Airport=Yongxing Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barretos_Airport=Barretos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donalsonville_Municipal_Airport=Donalsonville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_Decatur_Airport=Commodore Decatur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavina_Airport=Lavina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelle_Airport=Kelle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindamba_Airport=Kindamba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Keith_Airport=Mount Keith Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onslow_Airport=Onslow Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maymana_Airport=Maymana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyndham_Airport=Wyndham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yibin_Wuliangye_Airport=Yibin Wuliangye Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balgo_Hill_Airport=Balgo Hill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballera_Airport=Ballera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrow_Island_Airport=Barrow Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barimunya_Airport=Barimunya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue_Airport=Bellevue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowen_Airport=Bowen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronzewing_Airport=Bronzewing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longnan_Chengzhou_Airport=Longnan Chengzhou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camooweal_Airport=Camooweal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Mine_Airport=Century Mine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chillagoe_Airport=Chillagoe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lague_Airport=Lague Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolisie_Airport=Dolisie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganzhou_Huangjin_Airport_(former)=Ganzhou Huangjin Airport (former)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedderburn_Airport=Wedderburn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makabana_Airport=Makabana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoua_Airport=Makoua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mossendjo_Airport=Mossendjo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouyondzi_Airport=Mouyondzi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oaks_Airfield=The Oaks Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coondewanna_Airport=Coondewanna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunderdin_Airport=Cunderdin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlot_Airport=Darlot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrestania_Airport=Forrestania Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortescue_Dave_Forrest_Airport=Fortescue Dave Forrest Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gayndah_Airport=Gayndah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown_Airport_(Queensland)=Georgetown Airport (Queensland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innisfail_Airport=Innisfail Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jundee_Airport=Jundee Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katanning_Airport=Katanning Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manjimup_Airport=Manjimup Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_River_Airport=Margaret River Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moomba_Airport=Moomba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morawa_Airport=Morawa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Field_Airport_(Western_Australia)=Murray Field Airport (Western Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murrin_Murrin_Airport=Murrin Murrin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Airport=Lane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_School_of_Aeronautics=Hawthorne School of Aeronautics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinquapin_Airport=Chinquapin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juruena_Airport=Juruena Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick_Airport_(Queensland)=Warwick Airport (Queensland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warburton_Airport=Warburton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarram_Airport=Yarram Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tocumwal_Airport=Tocumwal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monument_Airport=The Monument Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troughton_Island_Airport=Troughton Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumby_Bay_Airport=Tumby Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trepell_Airport=Trepell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanthorpe_Airport=Stanthorpe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Granites_Airport=The Granites Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telfer_Airport=Telfer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osborne_Mine_Airport=Osborne Mine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_Airport_(Western_Australia)=Southern Cross Airport (Western Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norseman_Airport=Norseman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nifty_Airport=Nifty Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodwick_Field=Lodwick Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomona_Landing_Airport=Pomona Landing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flagler_Beach_Airport=Flagler Beach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ushant_Airport=Ushant Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_Intermediate_Field=Jasper Intermediate Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGuire_Air_Force_Base=McGuire Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokangassi_Airport=Yokangassi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Island_Airport=Pine Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibiti_Airport=Sibiti Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Heron_Airport=Blue Heron Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cattaraugus_County-Olean_Airport=Cattaraugus County-Olean Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutler_Regional_Airport=Cutler Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_A._Bean_Municipal_Airport=Steven A. Bean Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rangeley_Lake_Seaplane_Base=Rangeley Lake Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Lake_Seaplane_Base_(Sinclair,_Maine)=Long Lake Seaplane Base (Sinclair, Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Lake_Seaplane_Base_(Naples,_Maine)=Long Lake Seaplane Base (Naples, Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolla_National_Airport=Rolla National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanaga_Airport=Zanaga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borroloola_Airport=Borroloola Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okoyo_Airport=Okoyo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Lake_Airport=Crystal Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iranamadu_Airport=Iranamadu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abumumbazi_Airport=Abumumbazi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aketi_Airport=Aketi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birchip_Airport=Birchip Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boolgeeda_Airport=Boolgeeda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brockman_Airport=Brockman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coolah_Airport=Coolah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Airport=Donald Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elrose_Airport=Elrose Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Grove_Airport=Golden Grove Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodooga_Airport=Goodooga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granny_Smith_Airport=Granny Smith Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacinth_Ambrosia_Airport=Jacinth Ambrosia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kambalda_Airport=Kambalda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karara_Airport=Karara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Cargelligo_Airport=Lake Cargelligo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambili-Dingila_Airport=Bambili-Dingila Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Johnston_Airport=Lake Johnston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawlers_Airport=Lawlers Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlemount_Airport=Middlemount Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gordon_Airport=Mount Gordon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numbulwar_Airport=Numbulwar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oenpelli_Airport=Oenpelli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plutonic_Airport=Plutonic Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooncarie_Airport=Pooncarie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Arnaud_Airport=Saint Arnaud Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Lake_Airport=Sea Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shay_Gap_Airport=Shay Gap Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Goulburn_Island_Airport=South Goulburn Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springsure_Airport=Springsure Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_Dam_Airport=Sunrise Dam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Creek_Airport=William Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wentworth_Airport=Wentworth Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windarling_Airport=Windarling Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodie_Woodie_Airport=Woodie Woodie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wycheproof_Airport=Wycheproof Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INS_Baaz=INS Baaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basongo_Airport=Basongo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bau_Airport=Bau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beni_Airport=Beni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beni-Dibele_Airport=Beni-Dibele Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaybalay_Airport=Malaybalay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healy_Lake_Airport=Healy Lake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitka_Seaplane_Base=Sitka Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellis_Auxiliary_Field=Ellis Auxiliary Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malone_Auxiliary_Field=Malone Auxiliary Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_Farms_Airport=North American Farms Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Auxiliary_Field=Alliance Auxiliary Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakyong_Airport=Pakyong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandy_Airport=Kandy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aracati_Airport=Aracati Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beongo_Airport=Beongo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vozdvizhenka_(air_base)=Vozdvizhenka (air base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bindja_Airport=Bindja Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binga_Airport=Binga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boende_Airport=Boende Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilydale_Airport=Lilydale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathinda_Airport=Bathinda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saugus_Field=Saugus Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basengele_Airport=Basengele Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Methven=RAF Methven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Deanland=RAF Deanland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokungu_Airport=Bokungu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolila_Airport=Bolila Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolongonkele_Airport=Bolongonkele Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Termas_Airport=Las Termas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haverstraw_Heliport=Haverstraw Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humera_Airport=Humera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novo_Progresso_Airport=Novo Progresso Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Skitten=RAF Skitten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Sawbridgeworth=RAF Sawbridgeworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisar_Airport=Hisar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wittmundhafen_Air_Base=Wittmundhafen Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hohn_Air_Base=Hohn Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuburg_Air_Base=Neuburg Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Hornby_Hall=RAF Hornby Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chumphon_Airport=Chumphon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagodina_Airport=Jagodina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kooddoo_Airport=Kooddoo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing_Dajiaochang_Airport=Nanjing Dajiaochang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golog_Dawu_Airport=Golog Dawu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyo_Ollombo_Airport=Oyo Ollombo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalal-Abad_Airport=Jalal-Abad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naukati_Bay_Seaplane_Base=Naukati Bay Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fargo_Air_National_Guard_Base=Fargo Air National Guard Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naryn_Airport=Naryn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazarman_Airport=Kazarman Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerben_Airport=Kerben Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batken_Airport=Batken Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isfana_Airport=Isfana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyzyl-Kiya_Airport=Kyzyl-Kiya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talas_Airport=Talas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartwood_Airport=Hartwood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamga_Airport=Tamga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khanbumbat_Airport=Khanbumbat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavan_Tolgoi_Airport=Tavan Tolgoi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cholpon-Ata_Airport=Cholpon-Ata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokmok_Airport=Tokmok Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakol_International_Airport=Karakol International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Municipal_Airport=Ashley Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aghajari_Airport=Aghajari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Musa_Airport=Abu Musa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkfield_(Palestine)_Aerodrome=Kirkfield (Palestine) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millet/Creekview_Aerodrome=Millet/Creekview Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St-Pierre-Jolys_(Carl's_Field)_Aerodrome=St-Pierre-Jolys (Carl's Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loon_Creek_Airfield=Loon Creek Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Deer/Truant_South_Aerodrome=Red Deer/Truant South Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Greencastle=RAF Greencastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aars_Airport=Aars Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altus/Quartz_Mountain_Regional_Airport=Altus/Quartz Mountain Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ataq_Airport=Ataq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beihan_Airport=Beihan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharavandhoo_Airport=Dharavandhoo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ko_Pha_Ngan_Airport=Ko Pha Ngan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abudwak_Airport=Abudwak Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonopito_Airport=Wonopito Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Hassan_Air_Base=Prince Hassan Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Strubby=RAF Strubby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Wigsley=RAF Wigsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Wellingore=RAF Wellingore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Daber_Airfield=Old Daber Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamboa_Airport=Gamboa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lecce_Galatina_Air_Base=Lecce Galatina Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Estates_Airport=Air Estates Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanysh-Kiya_Airport=Kanysh-Kiya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toktogul_Airport=Toktogul Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aranmula_International_Airport=Aranmula International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffolk_Executive_Airport=Suffolk Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Little_Staughton=RAF Little Staughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Desford=RAF Desford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Worksop=RAF Worksop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dadal_Airport=Dadal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruunturuun_Airport=Baruunturuun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgan_Airport,_Khovd=Bulgan Airport, Khovd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khujirt_Airport=Khujirt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_do_Rio_Verde_Airport=Lucas do Rio Verde Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubois_Municipal_Airport_(Idaho)=Dubois Municipal Airport (Idaho)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mettel_Field=Mettel Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goshen_Municipal_Airport=Goshen Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Municipal_Airport=Richmond Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntingburg_Airport=Huntingburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Scott_Airport=Dorothy Scott Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton_Municipal_Airport_(Kansas)=Stockton Municipal Airport (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainville_Airpark=Plainville Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-City_Airport_(Sebring,_Ohio)=Tri-City Airport (Sebring, Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-City_Airport_(West_Lafayette,_Ohio)=Tri-City Airport (West Lafayette, Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_County_Airport_(Ohio)=Henry County Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_County_Airport_(Ohio)=Harrison County Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville_Municipal_Airport_(Michigan)=Greenville Municipal Airport (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville_Municipal_Airport_(Pennsylvania)=Greenville Municipal Airport (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greene_County_Airport_(Pennsylvania)=Greene County Airport (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Airport_(Maryland)=Davis Airport (Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmont_Municipal_Airport_(West_Virginia)=Fairmont Municipal Airport (West Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton_County_Airport_(Ohio)=Fulton County Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagles_Nest_Airport_(North_Carolina)=Eagles Nest Airport (North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_Municipal_Airport_(Kansas)=Eureka Municipal Airport (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_Municipal_Airport_(South_Dakota)=Eureka Municipal Airport (South Dakota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davenport_Municipal_Airport_(Washington)=Davenport Municipal Airport (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton_County_Municipal_Airport=Stanton County Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood_Falls_Airport=Cottonwood Falls Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sublette_Municipal_Airport=Sublette Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zafer_Airport=Zafer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_West_Aerodrome=Baldwin West Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pahdamaleda_Airport=Pahdamaleda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_County_Airport=Mississippi County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markerville/Safron_Farms_Aerodrome=Markerville/Safron Farms Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelburne_(Schaefer_Field)_Aerodrome=Shelburne (Schaefer Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trout_Lake_Airport_(Washington)=Trout Lake Airport (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatum_Airport=Tatum Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugby_Municipal_Airport=Rugby Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembina_Municipal_Airport=Pembina Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartlesville_Municipal_Airport=Bartlesville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickasha_Municipal_Airport=Chickasha Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barysiai_Airport=Barysiai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rangiora_Airport=Rangiora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Riccall=RAF Riccall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalma_Airport=Dalma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saarloq_Heliport=Saarloq Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qassimiut_Heliport=Qassimiut Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Valley_Airport=Mysterious Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocono_Mountains_Municipal_Airport=Pocono Mountains Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_Municipal_Airport=York Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_Valley_Airport=Penn Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McVille_Municipal_Airport=McVille Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McVille_Airport=McVille Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_County_Airport=Erie County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant/Scottdale_Airport=Mount Pleasant/Scottdale Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroudsburg-Pocono_Airport=Stroudsburg-Pocono Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Ridge_Airport=Cherry Ridge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensburg_Jeannette_Regional_Airport=Greensburg Jeannette Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titusville_Airport=Titusville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary's_Airpark=St. Mary's Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Airport_(Kansas)=Riverside Airport (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooks_County_Regional_Airport=Rooks County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atoka_Municipal_Airport=Atoka Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alva_Regional_Airport=Alva Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler_Regional_Airport=Chandler Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushing_Municipal_Airport=Cushing Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gage_Airport=Gage Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claremore_Regional_Airport=Claremore Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grove_Municipal_Airport=Grove Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stigler_Regional_Airport=Stigler Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eqalugaarsuit_Heliport=Eqalugaarsuit Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igaliku_Heliport=Igaliku Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Lake_Regional_Airport=Grand Lake Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teramiranda_Airport=Teramiranda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee_Seaplane_Base=Cherokee Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Grand_Lake_Regional_Airport=South Grand Lake Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowata_Municipal_Airport=Nowata Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stilwell/Cherokee_Nation_Airport=Stilwell/Cherokee Nation Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sallisaw_Municipal_Airport=Sallisaw Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watonga_Regional_Airport=Watonga Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medford_Municipal_Airport=Medford Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mooreland_Municipal_Airport=Mooreland Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_R._Pogue_Municipal_Airport=William R. Pogue Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauls_Valley_Municipal_Airport=Pauls Valley Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_S._Kerr_Airport=Robert S. Kerr Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawnee_Regional_Airport=Shawnee Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroud_Municipal_Airport=Stroud Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutare_Airport=Mutare Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Lake_Seaplane_Base=Beaver Lake Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seminole_Municipal_Airport=Seminole Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahlequah_Municipal_Airport=Tahlequah Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Clever_Field=Harry Clever Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Khor_Airport=Al Khor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Sukang_Airport=Long Sukang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rieti_Airport=Rieti Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice-Lido_Airport=Venice-Lido Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silangit_Airport=Silangit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasondre_Airport=Lasondre Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibisa_Airport=Sibisa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Air_Station_Wexford=United States Naval Air Station Wexford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_for_Christ_Airport=Wings for Christ Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickson_Field=Dickson Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tardamu_Airport=Tardamu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Ulaanbaatar_International_Airport=New Ulaanbaatar International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khanskaya_Airport=Khanskaya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitrakoot_Airport=Chitrakoot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safai_Airport=Safai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thames_Aerodrome=Thames Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward_Operating_Base_Sharana=Forward Operating Base Sharana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arendal_Airport,_Gullknapp=Arendal Airport, Gullknapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M-Sola_Heliport=M-Sola Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Berrow=RAF Berrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_Modiano_Airport=Umberto Modiano Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_New_Romney=RAF New Romney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tekapo_Airport=Lake Tekapo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taftanaz_Military_Airbase=Taftanaz Military Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mocopulli_Airport=Mocopulli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songwe_Airport=Songwe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Royal_Moroccan_Air_Force_Base=First Royal Moroccan Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caboolture_Airfield=Caboolture Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honghe_Mengzi_Airport=Honghe Mengzi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baicheng_Chang'an_Airport=Baicheng Chang'an Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liupanshui_Yuezhao_Airport=Liupanshui Yuezhao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menagh_Military_Airbase=Menagh Military Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Lakes_Airport=Great Lakes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qionghai_Bo'ao_Airport=Qionghai Bo'ao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mafia_Airport=Mafia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mpanda_Airport=Mpanda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iringa_Airport=Iringa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumbawanga_Airport=Sumbawanga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_New_Airport=Istanbul New Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilwa_Masoko_Airport=Kilwa Masoko Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masasi_Airport=Masasi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachingwea_Airport=Nachingwea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songea_Airport=Songea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbeya_Airport=Mbeya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngara_Airport=Ngara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshi_Airport=Moshi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Airstrip=Same Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morogoro_Airstrip=Morogoro Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mombo_Airstrip=Mombo Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joint_Base_Charleston=Joint Base Charleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Kilimanjaro_Airstrip=West Kilimanjaro Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loliondo_Airstrip=Loliondo Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singida_Airstrip=Singida Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seronera_Airstrip=Seronera Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joint_Base_Andrews=Joint Base Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgeland_Airport=Ridgeland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uru_Harbour_Airport=Uru Harbour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandrapur_Airport=Chandrapur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loring_International_Airport=Loring International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lake_Aerodrome=George Lake Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Lake_Aerodrome=Goose Lake Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_Camp_Aerodrome=Hayes Camp Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxville_(Bourdon_Farm)_Aerodrome=Maxville (Bourdon Farm) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richelieu/Messier_Aerodrome=Richelieu/Messier Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanogan_Legion_Airport=Okanogan Legion Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbraslavice_Airport=Zbraslavice Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariscal_Sucre_International_Airport=Mariscal Sucre International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kautokeino_Airport=Kautokeino Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Shores_Municipal_Airport=Ocean Shores Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattala_Rajapaksa_International_Airport=Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limatambo_International_Airport=Limatambo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snettisham_Airport=Snettisham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bumba_Airport=Bumba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongolo_Airport=Kongolo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meiringen_air_base=Meiringen air base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umm_Al_Melh_Border_Guards_Airport=Umm Al Melh Border Guards Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Glacier_Aerodrome=Fox Glacier Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matamata_Airport=Matamata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motueka_Aerodrome=Motueka Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenna_Airport=Ravenna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Cerrillos_Airport=Los Cerrillos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botopasi_Airstrip=Botopasi Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Georgia_Regional_Airport=Heart of Georgia Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Kalyan=RAF Kalyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cazaux_Air_Base=Cazaux Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Dunas_Airport=Las Dunas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oelemari_Airport=Oelemari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barreirinhas_Airport=Barreirinhas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barreirinha_Airport=Barreirinha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaka_Aerodrome=Omaka Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Kowhai_Aerodrome=Te Kowhai Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waihi_Beach_Aerodrome=Waihi Beach Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokoroa_Aerodrome=Tokoroa Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kherson_International_Airport=Kherson International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havryshivka_Vinnytsia_International_Airport=Havryshivka Vinnytsia International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Municipal_Airport_(New_Mexico)=Columbus Municipal Airport (New Mexico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contamana_Airport=Contamana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muara_Bungo_Airport=Muara Bungo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokot_Airport=Rokot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieutenant_Bergerie_airport=Lieutenant Bergerie airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Palmas_Air_Base=Las Palmas Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silampari_Airport=Silampari Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubondo_Airstrip=Rubondo Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Municipal_Airport=Melbourne Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandanaira_Airport=Bandanaira Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japura_Airport=Japura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Msembe_Airstrip=Msembe Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gundaroo_Airport=Gundaroo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethbridge_(Gunnlaugson)_Aerodrome=Lethbridge (Gunnlaugson) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keperveyem_Airport=Keperveyem Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongimba_Airport=Bongimba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banga_Airport=Banga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wageni_Airport=Wageni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beno_Airport=Beno Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bibanga_Airport=Bibanga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuhausen_ob_Eck_Airfield=Neuhausen ob Eck Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franca_Airport=Franca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Airport_(Western_Australia)=Solomon Airport (Western Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Point_Mugu=Naval Air Station Point Mugu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Pass_Municipal_Airport=Eagle Pass Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanderson_Field_(Texas)=Sanderson Field (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contadora_Airport=Contadora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansa_Airport=Mansa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mtemere_Airstrip=Mtemere Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikoboga_Airstrip=Kikoboga Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokada_Airport=Bokada Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokela_Airport=Bokela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonkita_Airport=Bonkita Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boshwe_Airport=Boshwe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmyra_Municipal_Airport=Palmyra Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nukutavake_Airport=Nukutavake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukarua_Airport=Pukarua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pintendre_Aerodrome=Pintendre Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Perry/Hoskin_Aerodrome=Port Perry/Hoskin Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirakud_Airstrip=Hirakud Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunge_Airbase=Bunge Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marfa_Airport_(original)=Marfa Airport (original)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Airport=Snow Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ware_Airport=Ware Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Price_County_Airport=Price County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neillsville_Municipal_Airport=Neillsville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford_Municipal_Airport=Hartford Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcala_Airport=Marcala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_County_Airport=Iowa County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeypore_Airport=Jeypore Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Amarda_Road=RAF Amarda Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walsall_Aerodrome=Walsall Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fangatau_Airport=Fangatau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatakoto_Airport=Tatakoto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimhae_Air_Base=Gimhae Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Douglas_Bake_Memorial_Airport=J. Douglas Bake Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solon_Springs_Municipal_Airport=Solon Springs Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomahawk_Regional_Airport=Tomahawk Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill_Municipal_Airport=Merrill Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Falls_Municipal_Airport=Park Falls Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.O._Simenstad_Municipal_Airport=L.O. Simenstad Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulder_Junction_Airport=Boulder Junction Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necedah_Airport=Necedah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Sanford_Field=Joshua Sanford Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McIntosh_Municipal_Airport=McIntosh Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosebud_Sioux_Tribal_Airport=Rosebud Sioux Tribal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Point_Airport=Smith Point Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chichen_Itza_International_Airport=Chichen Itza International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelephu_Airport=Gelephu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell_STOLport=Powell STOLport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_City_STOLport=Johnson City STOLport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindhudurg_Airport=Sindhudurg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagdarin_Airport=Bagdarin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Municipal_Airport=Lancaster Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Outlying_Field_Goliad=Naval Outlying Field Goliad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleburne_Regional_Airport=Cleburne Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granbury_Regional_Airport=Granbury Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandajika_Airport=Gandajika Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Gulf_Airport=New Gulf Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyd_Field_(Texas)=Boyd Field (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pronger_Bros._Ranch_Airport=Pronger Bros. Ranch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Airport=Hall Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesikar_Ranch_Airport=Lesikar Ranch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluck_Ranch_Airport=Cluck Ranch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Beicker_Ranch_Airport=Glen Beicker Ranch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocona_Airport=Nocona Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Garn_Airport=Jake Garn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Boylan_State_Airport=John H. Boylan State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esquimalt_Airport=Esquimalt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequim_Valley_Airport=Sequim Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J-Z_Airport=J-Z Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welch_Municipal_Airport=Welch Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingo_County_Airport=Mingo County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boggs_Field=Boggs Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appalachian_Regional_Airport=Appalachian Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Municipal_Airport_(Minnesota)=Warren Municipal Airport (Minnesota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Municipal_Airport_(Arkansas)=Warren Municipal Airport (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lages_Airport=Lages Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Airport_(Ohio)=Warren Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westport_Airport_(Kansas)=Westport Airport (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westport_Airport_(Oklahoma)=Westport Airport (Oklahoma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westport_Airport_(Washington)=Westport Airport (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Municipal_Airport_(Minnesota)=Wells Municipal Airport (Minnesota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker/Rowe_Waterloo_Airport=Walker/Rowe Waterloo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County_Airport_(Missouri)=Washington County Airport (Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County_Memorial_Airport=Washington County Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wales_Airport_(Maine)=Wales Airport (Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona_Airport_(Wisconsin)=Verona Airport (Wisconsin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_County_Airport_(South_Carolina)=Union County Airport (South Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Albany-Union_County_Airport=New Albany-Union County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Bridges_Airport_(Montana)=Twin Bridges Airport (Montana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Skypark=Troy Skypark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-County_Airport_(Illinois)=Tri-County Airport (Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcade_Tri-County_Airport=Arcade Tri-County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Airport_(Albany,_Texas)=Taylor Airport (Albany, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Airport_(Quinlan,_Texas)=Taylor Airport (Quinlan, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Airport_(Arkansas)=Downtown Airport (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolla_Downtown_Airport=Rolla Downtown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton_Municipal_Airport_(Missouri)=Stockton Municipal Airport (Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George_Airport_(South_Carolina)=St. George Airport (South Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerville_Airport=Summerville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Municipal_Airport_(Colorado)=Springfield Municipal Airport (Colorado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Municipal_Airport_(Minnesota)=Springfield Municipal Airport (Minnesota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Municipal_Airport_(South_Dakota)=Springfield Municipal Airport (South Dakota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon-Springfield_Airport=Lebanon-Springfield Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Robertson_County_Airport=Springfield Robertson County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset_County_Airport=Somerset County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Smith_Memorial_Airport=Lawrence Smith Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plateau_Sky_Ranch_Airport=Plateau Sky Ranch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Manor_Airport_(North_Carolina)=Sky Manor Airport (North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Harbor_Airport_(Washington)=Sky Harbor Airport (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Municipal_Airport_(New_York)=Sidney Municipal Airport (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Municipal_Airport_(Ohio)=Sidney Municipal Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby_Community_Airport=Shelby Community Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria_Airport_(Peru)=Santa Maria Airport (Peru)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_Island_Airport=Santa Cruz Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Rafael_Airport_(Venezuela)=San Rafael Airport (Venezuela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_Airport_(Arkansas)=Salem Airport (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_Municipal_Airport_(Indiana)=Salem Municipal Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_Memorial_Airport=Salem Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koons_Airport=Koons Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Air_Station_Queenstown=United States Naval Air Station Queenstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becks_Grove_Airport=Becks Grove Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Field=Richmond Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richland_Airport_(Wisconsin)=Richland Airport (Wisconsin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Ranch_Airport=Reed Ranch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy_Municipal_Airport_(Washington)=Quincy Municipal Airport (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankleshwar_Airport=Ankleshwar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Municipal_Airport_(Indiana)=Portland Municipal Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Municipal_Airport_(Tennessee)=Portland Municipal Airport (Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt_Field=Hunt Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt_Airport=Hunt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annobon_Airport=Annobon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Municipal_Airport_(Indiana)=Plymouth Municipal Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_County_Airport_(Mississippi)=Monroe County Airport (Mississippi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_County_Airport_(Ohio)=Monroe County Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tompkinsville-Monroe_County_Airport=Tompkinsville-Monroe County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Flying_Field=Franklin Flying Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_County_Airport_(Ohio)=Perry County Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richton-Perry_County_Airport=Richton-Perry County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Municipal_Airport=Paris Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Lake_County_Airport=Bear Lake County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_Regional_Airport=Page Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osceola_Municipal_Airport_(Iowa)=Osceola Municipal Airport (Iowa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osceola_Municipal_Airport_(Arkansas)=Osceola Municipal Airport (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County_Airport_(Virginia)=Orange County Airport (Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich_Airport_(Kansas)=Norwich Airport (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_Field=Newton Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_Municipal_Airport_(Texas)=Newton Municipal Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasawa_Island_Airport=Yasawa Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Castle-Henry_County_Municipal_Airport=New Castle-Henry County Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant_Airport_(Utah)=Mount Pleasant Airport (Utah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant_Regional_Airport_(Texas)=Mount Pleasant Regional Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_County_Airport_(Ohio)=Morgan County Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_County_Airport_(Utah)=Morgan County Airport (Utah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_County_Airport=White County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona-Montgomery_County_Airport=Winona-Montgomery County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._V._Montgomery_Airport=G. V. Montgomery Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millard_Airport_(Pennsylvania)=Millard Airport (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Municipal_Airport=Miller Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Whiting_Memorial_Field=James G. Whiting Memorial Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_County_Airport_(Texas)=Mason County Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_County_Airport_(West_Virginia)=Mason County Airport (West Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Field_(Nebraska)=Martin Field (Nebraska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Municipal_Airport=Martin Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ava_Bill_Martin_Memorial_Airport=Ava Bill Martin Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_County_Airport_(Illinois)=Marshall County Airport (Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Springs-Marshall_County_Airport=Holly Springs-Marshall County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Memorial_Municipal_Airport=Marshall Memorial Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searcy_County_Airport=Searcy County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Municipal_Airport_(Kansas)=Marion Municipal Airport (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion-Crittenden_County_Airport=Marion-Crittenden County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiflet_Field=Shiflet Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Empire_Airport=Mountain Empire Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Airport=Marion Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_County_Airport_(Georgia)=Marion County Airport (Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_County_Airport_(South_Carolina)=Marion County Airport (South Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bala/Muskoka_Float_Flying_Club_Water_Aerodrome=Bala/Muskoka Float Flying Club Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belwood_(Heurisko_Pond)_Water_Aerodrome=Belwood (Heurisko Pond) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burns_Lake_(LD_Air)_Water_Aerodrome=Burns Lake (LD Air) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta_Airport_(Montana)=Malta Airport (Montana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madisonville_Municipal_Airport_(Texas)=Madisonville Municipal Airport (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Municipal_Airport_(Georgia)=Madison Municipal Airport (Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_qui_Parle_County_Airport=Lac qui Parle County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackhawk_Airfield=Blackhawk Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Airport=Madison Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winterset_Municipal_Airport=Winterset Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Lake_Helms_Seaplane_Base=Long Lake Helms Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Lake_Sagamore_Seaplane_Base=Long Lake Sagamore Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouses_Point_Seaplane_Base=Rouses Point Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolgeville_Airport=Dolgeville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moores_Airport=Moores Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garnseys_Airport=Garnseys Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argyle_Airport_(New_York)=Argyle Airport (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapin_Field=Chapin Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skaneateles_Aerodrome=Skaneateles Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olcott-Newfane_Airport=Olcott-Newfane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Daein_Airport=Ed Daein Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Airport=Miles Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laucala_Airport=Laucala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikueru_Airport=Hikueru Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skukuza_Airport=Skukuza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Sales_Lega_Airport=Frans Sales Lega Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suwon_Air_Base=Suwon Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nekemte_Airport=Nekemte Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soddu_Airport=Soddu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neghelle_Airport=Neghelle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastham_Airport=Eastham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coonamessett_Airport=Coonamessett Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_Wind_Airport=Trade Wind Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukaki_Airport=Pukaki Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonia_Catriel_Airport=Colonia Catriel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balkanabat_Airport=Balkanabat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinhae_Airport=Jinhae Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westlock_(Hnatko_Farms)_Aerodrome=Westlock (Hnatko Farms) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillspring_(Beck_Farm)_Aerodrome=Hillspring (Beck Farm) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cholet_Le_Pontreau_Airport=Cholet Le Pontreau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_(Puslinch_Lake)_Water_Aerodrome=Cambridge (Puslinch Lake) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cree_Lake_(Crystal_Lodge)_Water_Aerodrome=Cree Lake (Crystal Lodge) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachigualato_Federal_International_Airport=Bachigualato Federal International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Valley_Federal_International_Airport=Fort Valley Federal International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akutan_Airport=Akutan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Weapons_Industrial_Reserve_Plant,_Calverton=Naval Weapons Industrial Reserve Plant, Calverton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garowe_International_Airport=Garowe International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venafiorita_Airport=Venafiorita Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyl_Airport=Eyl Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belaya_Gora_Airport=Belaya Gora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teruel_Airport=Teruel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yozgat_Airport=Yozgat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Free_Municipal_Airport=Billy Free Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordu_Giresun_Airport=Ordu Giresun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batagay_Airport=Batagay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deputatsky_Airport=Deputatsky Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danville_Municipal_Airport=Danville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston's_Airport=Gaston's Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlisle_Municipal_Airport=Carlisle Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_Municipal_Airport=Clarendon Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corning_Municipal_Airport_(Arkansas)=Corning Municipal Airport (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corning_Municipal_Airport_(Iowa)=Corning Municipal Airport (Iowa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Witt_Municipal_Airport=De Witt Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordyce_Municipal_Airport=Fordyce Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gachsaran_Airport=Gachsaran Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirjan_Airport=Sirjan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse_Hancock_International_Airport=Syracuse Hancock International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshkashem_Airport=Eshkashem Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwaz_Airport=Darwaz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razer_Airport=Razer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghaziabad_Airport=Ghaziabad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardez_Airport=Gardez Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharana_Airstrip=Sharana Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yawan_Airport=Yawan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taywara_Airport=Taywara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panjab_Airport=Panjab Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangi_Qaleh_Airport=Yangi Qaleh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raigarh_Airport=Raigarh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alula_Airport=Alula Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajunguti_International_Airport=Kajunguti International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muqur_Airport=Muqur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nili_Airport=Nili Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oum_el_Bouaghi_Airport=Oum el Bouaghi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordj_Omar_Driss_Airport=Bordj Omar Driss Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bousfer_Air_Base=Bousfer Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guelma_Belkheir_Airport=Guelma Belkheir Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M'Sila_Airport=M'Sila Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggane_Airport=Reggane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorset/Kawagama_Lake_(South)_Water_Aerodrome=Dorset/Kawagama Lake (South) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Facility_Newport=Marine Corps Air Facility Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cacolo_Airport=Cacolo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camabatela_Airport=Camabatela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camembe_Airport=Camembe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damba_Airport=Damba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huambo_Airport=Huambo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanza_Pombo_Airport=Sanza Pombo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xamindele_Airport=Xamindele Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldora_Municipal_Airport=Eldora Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawarden_Municipal_Airport=Hawarden Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyurba_Airport=Nyurba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boone_Municipal_Airport=Boone Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olyokminsk_Airport=Olyokminsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creston_Municipal_Airport=Creston Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denison_Municipal_Airport=Denison Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster_City_Municipal_Airport=Webster City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascochinga_Airport=Ascochinga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azul_Airport=Azul Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_de_Irigoyen_Airport=Bernardo de Irigoyen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caviahue_Airport=Caviahue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceres_Airport=Ceres Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerro_Catedral_Heliport=Cerro Catedral Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chepes_Airport=Chepes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilecito_Airport=Chilecito Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chos_Malal_Airport=Chos Malal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigadier_Hector_Eduardo_Ruiz_Airport=Brigadier Hector Eduardo Ruiz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_Airport,_Argentina=Dolores Airport, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronel_Olmedo_Airport=Coronel Olmedo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clorinda_Airport=Clorinda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Acha_Airport=General Acha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Alvear_Airport=General Alvear Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srednekolymsk_Airport=Srednekolymsk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Nera_Airport=Ust-Nera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariano_Moreno_Airport=Mariano Moreno Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cumbre_Airport=La Cumbre Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Paz_Aeroclub=La Paz Aeroclub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Flores_Airport=Las Flores Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Quiaca_Airport=La Quiaca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonia_Las_Heras_Airport=Colonia Las Heras Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maquinchao_Airport=Maquinchao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zyryanka_Airport=Zyryanka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazaruca_Airport=Mazaruca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes_Airport=Mercedes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_de_Mendoza_Airpark=Ciudad de Mendoza Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miramar_Airport=Miramar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Quemado_Airport=Monte Quemado Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pergamino_Aeroclub=Pergamino Aeroclub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puelches_Airport=Puelches Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Indio_Naval_Air_Base=Punta Indio Naval Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quilmes_Airport=Quilmes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_de_Vacas_Heliport=Punta de Vacas Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafaela_Airport=Rafaela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistencia_Aeroclub=Resistencia Aeroclub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivadavia_Airport=Rivadavia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio_de_Areco_Airport=San Antonio de Areco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeropuerto_de_San_Antonio_Oeste=Aeropuerto de San Antonio Oeste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campo_de_Mayo_Airport=Campo de Mayo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valle_del_Conlara_Airport=Valle del Conlara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lago_Musters_Airport=Lago Musters Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Grande_Airport=Sierra Grande Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinogasta_Airport=Tinogasta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolhuin_Lago_Fagnano_Airport=Tolhuin Lago Fagnano Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ushuaia_Aeroclub=Ushuaia Aeroclub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valcheta_Airport=Valcheta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Angela_Airport=Villa Angela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_de_Merlo_Airport=Villa de Merlo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_de_Soto_Airport=Villa de Soto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_General_Mitre_Airport=Villa General Mitre Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villaguay_Aerodrome=Villaguay Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Airport_Aigen_im_Ennstal=Military Airport Aigen im Ennstal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottenschlag_Airport=Ottenschlag Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hohenems-Dornbirn_Airport=Hohenems-Dornbirn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eferding_Airport=Eferding Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feldkirchen-Ossiacher_See_Airport=Feldkirchen-Ossiacher See Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friesach-Hirth_Airport=Friesach-Hirth Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glainach-Ferlach_Airport=Glainach-Ferlach Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freistadt_Airport=Freistadt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapfenberg_Airport=Kapfenberg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gmunden_Laarkirchen_Airport=Gmunden Laarkirchen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hofkirchen_Airport=Hofkirchen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kufstein-Langkampfen_Airport=Kufstein-Langkampfen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanzen-Turnau_Airport=Lanzen-Turnau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krems-Langenlois_Airport=Krems-Langenlois Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lienz-Nikolsdorf_Airport=Lienz-Nikolsdorf Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopoldsdorf_im_Marchfelde_Airport=Leopoldsdorf im Marchfelde Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linz-East_Airport=Linz-East Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariazell_Airport=Mariazell Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauterndorf_Airport=Mauterndorf Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micheldorf_Airport=Micheldorf Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayerhofen_Airport=Mayerhofen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flugplatz_Ottenschlag=Flugplatz Ottenschlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinkafeld_Airport=Pinkafeld Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ried-Kirchheim_Airport=Ried-Kirchheim Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retzer_Land_Heliport=Retzer Land Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scharnstein_Airport=Scharnstein Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heliport_Sanatorium_Dr._Schenk=Heliport Sanatorium Dr. Schenk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwaz_Heliport=Schwaz Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankt_Georgen_Airport=Sankt Georgen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spitzerberg_Airport=Spitzerberg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankt_Johann_Airport=Sankt Johann Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankt_Johann_in_Tirol_Heliport=Sankt Johann in Tirol Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockerau_Airport=Stockerau Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trausdorf_Airport=Trausdorf Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leoben-Timmersdorf_Airport=Leoben-Timmersdorf Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Airport_Langenlebarn/Tulln=Military Airport Langenlebarn/Tulln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weiz-Unterfladnitz_Airport=Weiz-Unterfladnitz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiener_Neustadt_West_Airport=Wiener Neustadt West Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfsberg_Airport=Wolfsberg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabrat_Airport=Zabrat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyer_Flight_Park=Boyer Flight Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrold_Airport=Harrold Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mores_Island_Airport=Mores Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castaway_Cay_Airport=Castaway Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Cay_Airport=Walker Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland_Cay_Airport=Scotland Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Whale_Cay_Airport=Big Whale Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Cay_Airport=Cat Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Cay_Airport=Ocean Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutlass_Bay_Airport=Cutlass Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cay_Sal_Airport=Cay Sal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lt._Whale_Cay_Airport=Lt. Whale Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawks_Nest_Airport=Hawks Nest Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitts_Town_Airport=Pitts Town Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Eleuthera_Airport=Cape Eleuthera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed-Air_Airport=Ed-Air Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Point_Airport=Black Point Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darby_Island_Airport=Darby Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmers_Cay_Airport=Farmers Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Stocking_Airport=Lee Stocking Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hog_Cay_Airport=Hog Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Darby_Island_Airport=Little Darby Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudder_Cut_Cay_Airport=Rudder Cut Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampson_Cay_Airport=Sampson Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Santa_Maria_Airport=Cape Santa Maria Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Bargain_Airport=Hard Bargain Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentland_Municipal_Airport=Kentland Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autec_Heliport=Autec Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cistern_Field=Cistern Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fowl_Cay_Airport=Fowl Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaf_Cay_Airport=Leaf Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Water_Cay_Airport=Deep Water Cay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Bahama_Aux_AF_Airport=Grand Bahama Aux AF Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Providence_Airport=New Providence Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andros_Central_Airport=Andros Central Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakhir_Air_Base=Sakhir Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feni_Airport=Feni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogra_Airport=Bogra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comilla_STOLport=Comilla STOLport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalmonirhat_STOLport=Lalmonirhat STOLport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thakurgaon_STOLport=Thakurgaon STOLport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamshernagar_STOLport=Shamshernagar STOLport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Airpark=Action Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasschaat_Airfield=Brasschaat Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sint-Lucas_Hospital_Heliport=Sint-Lucas Hospital Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diksmuide_Heliport=Diksmuide Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zwartberg_Airfield=Zwartberg Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overboelare_Airfield=Overboelare Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent/Industry_Zone_Heliport=Ghent/Industry Zone Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knokke-Heist/Westkapelle_Heliport=Knokke-Heist/Westkapelle Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiewit_airfield=Kiewit airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuurne_Heliport=Kuurne Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroclub_Sanicole_VZW=Aeroclub Sanicole VZW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaffelare_Heliport=Zaffelare Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reninge_Heliport=Reninge Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursel_Air_Base=Ursel Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oeren_Heliport=Oeren Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zingem_Heliport=Zingem Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oomberg_Airport=Oomberg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuienkerke_Airfield=Zuienkerke Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veurne/Sint-Augustinus_Heliport=Veurne/Sint-Augustinus Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlon-Sterpenich_Aerodrome=Arlon-Sterpenich Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maillen_Airport=Maillen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baudour_Heliport=Baudour Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ath/Isieres_Airport=Ath/Isieres Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mogimont_Airport=Mogimont Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonck_Airport=Wonck Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michamps_Airport=Michamps Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shape_Pad_Heliport=Shape Pad Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerfontaine_Airport=Cerfontaine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liernu_Airport=Liernu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsenborn-Butgenbach_Air_Base=Elsenborn-Butgenbach Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couthuin_Airport=Couthuin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avernas-le-Bauduin_Airport=Avernas-le-Bauduin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verviers-Theux_Airfield=Verviers-Theux Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Hubert_Airport_(Belgium)=Saint-Hubert Airport (Belgium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maubray_Airport=Maubray Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchimont_Airport=Orchimont Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_County_Regional_Airport=Oxford County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsfield_Municipal_Airport_(Maine)=Pittsfield Municipal Airport (Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panguitch_Municipal_Airport=Panguitch Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prentice_Airport=Prentice Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polacca_Airport=Polacca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Hill_Airport=Ring Hill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Airport_(Belize)=Independence Airport (Belize)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Airport=Melinda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manatee_Airport=Manatee Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Walk_Airport=Orange Walk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Creek_Airport=Silver Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Spain_Airport=Matthew Spain Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canby_Municipal_Airport=Canby Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abapo_Airport=Abapo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monteagudo_Airport=Monteagudo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angora_Airport=Angora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apolo_Airport=Apolo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiquile_Airport=Aiquile Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanca_Flor_Airport=Blanca Flor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulo_Bulo_Airport=Bulo Bulo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buena_Hora_Airport=Buena Hora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camiri_Airport=Camiri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charagua_Airport=Charagua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buen_Retiro_Airport=Buen Retiro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimore_Airport=Chimore Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caigua_Airport=Caigua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Vista_Airport=Bella Vista Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copacabana_Airport=Copacabana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camiare_Airport=Camiare Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comarapa_Airport=Comarapa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerdas_Airport=Cerdas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choreti_Airport=Choreti Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caranda_Airport=Caranda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culpina_Airport=Culpina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavinas_Airport=Cavinas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cairo_Airport=El Cairo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Triunfo_Airport=El Triunfo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Peru_del_Apere_Airport=El Peru del Apere Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Salvador_Airport_(Bolivia)=El Salvador Airport (Bolivia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Esperanza_Airport=La Esperanza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Airport_(Bolivia)=Florida Airport (Bolivia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florencia_Airport=Florencia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huacaraje_Airport=Huacaraje Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cachascani_Airport=Cachascani Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Catalina_Airport=Santa Catalina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inglaterra_Airport=Inglaterra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irobi_Airport=Irobi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ixiamas_Airport=Ixiamas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izozog_Airport=Izozog Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itaguazurenda_Airport=Itaguazurenda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_Airport_(Bolivia)=San Juan Airport (Bolivia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josuani_Airport=Josuani Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Javier_Airport_(Bolivia)=San Javier Airport (Bolivia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_Colorada_Airport=Laguna Colorada Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_India_Airport=La India Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Lorenzo_Airport=San Lorenzo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_Loa_Airport=Laguna Loa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalena_Airport=Magdalena Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuevo_Mundo_Airport=Nuevo Mundo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieve_Airport=Nieve Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmira_Airport=Palmira Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico_Airport=Puerto Rico Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Porvenir_Sur_Airport=El Porvenir Sur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retiro_Airport=Retiro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell_Parish_Airport=Caldwell Parish Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rita_Airport=Santa Rita Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rincon_del_Tigre_Airport=Rincon del Tigre Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos_Gutierrez_Airport=San Carlos Gutierrez Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reyes_Airport=Reyes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_de_Moxos_Airport=San Francisco de Moxos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Ana_de_Huachi_Airport=Santa Ana de Huachi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Ignacio_de_Moxos_Airport=San Ignacio de Moxos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa_Airport_(Bolivia)=Santa Rosa Airport (Bolivia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teoponte_Airport=Teoponte Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Airport_(Bolivia)=Santiago Airport (Bolivia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiguipa_Airport=Tiguipa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiboy_Airport=Tiboy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Aroma_Airport=Villa Aroma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urusi_Airport=Urusi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupiza_Airport=Tupiza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uyuni_Airport=Uyuni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venecia_Airport=Venecia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cap._Av._Vidal_Villagomez_Toledo_Airport=Cap. Av. Vidal Villagomez Toledo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Elvira_Airport=Villa Elvira Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villazon_Airport=Villazon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_Salvatierra_Airport=San Pedro Salvatierra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Naciff_Airport=San Francisco Naciff Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_del_Rio_Blanco_Airport=San Pedro del Rio Blanco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Airport_(Ohio)=Columbia Airport (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Parish_Airport=Union Parish Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thackers_Airport=Thackers Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colfax_Airport=Colfax Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newellton_Airport=Newellton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Lafourche_Leonard_Miller_Jr._Airport=South Lafourche Leonard Miller Jr. Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morehouse_Memorial_Airport=Morehouse Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Airport=Kelly Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russellville-Logan_County_Airport=Russellville-Logan County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Municipal_Airport_(Kansas)=Lincoln Municipal Airport (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Municipal_Airport_(Missouri)=Lincoln Municipal Airport (Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenmare_Municipal_Airport=Kenmare Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Municipal_Airport_(North_Dakota)=Columbus Municipal Airport (North Dakota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Thomas_Municipal_Airport_(North_Dakota)=St. Thomas Municipal Airport (North Dakota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosby_Municipal_Airport_(Mississippi)=Crosby Municipal Airport (Mississippi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Municipal_Airport_(Oklahoma)=Cleveland Municipal Airport (Oklahoma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookhaven-Lincoln_County_Airport=Brookhaven-Lincoln County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Airport_(Montana)=Lincoln Airport (Montana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Airport_(West_Virginia)=Leon Airport (West Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_County_Airport_(South_Carolina)=Lee County Airport (South Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_County_Airport_(Virginia)=Lee County Airport (Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianna/Lee_County_Airport=Marianna/Lee County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corry_Lawrence_Airport=Corry Lawrence Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeview_Airport_(Michigan)=Lakeview Airport (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livno_Brda_Bosni_Airport=Livno Brda Bosni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuzla_Jegen_Lug_Airport=Tuzla Jegen Lug Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visoko_Sport_Airfield=Visoko Sport Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_McGovern_AHP_Heliport=Camp McGovern AHP Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prijedor_Urije_Airport=Prijedor Urije Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serengeti_International_Airport=Serengeti International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poplar_Airport=Poplar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhalantun_Airport=Zhalantun Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_Municipal_Airport=Cornell Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaoyang_Wugang_Airport=Shaoyang Wugang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzhou_Guangfu_Airport=Suzhou Guangfu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baie-Johan-Beetz_Seaplane_Base=Baie-Johan-Beetz Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mould_Bay_Airport=Mould Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_Airport=Stanford Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Airport=Morgan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poplar_Municipal_Airport=Poplar Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravalli_County_Airport=Ravalli County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Forks_Airport=Three Forks Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferndale_Airfield=Ferndale Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Airport=Turner Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem_Airport=Harlem Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babb_Airport=Babb Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polson_Airport=Polson Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Creek_Airport=Belle Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Regional_Jetport=Cape Fear Regional Jetport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Valley_Airport=Sugar Valley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palenque_International_Airport=Palenque International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Airport=Gulf Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buen_Retiro_Ballivian_Airport=Buen Retiro Ballivian Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabezas_Airport=Cabezas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coquinal_Airport=Coquinal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuevo_Airport=Cuevo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cocal_Airport=El Cocal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Condor_Airport=El Condor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Remate_Airport=El Remate Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Escondido_Airport=El Escondido Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Rancho_Airport=El Rancho Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Bateen_Executive_Airport=Al Bateen Executive Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espino_Airport=Espino Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guirapembi_Airport=Guirapembi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flor_de_Oro_Airport=Flor de Oro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Floresta_Airport=La Floresta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huacareta_Airport=Huacareta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Brizas_Airport=Las Brizas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jatata_Airport=Jatata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intiraymi_Airport=Intiraymi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vertiente_Airport_(Bolivia)=La Vertiente Airport (Bolivia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yabog_Airport=Yabog Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuripi_Airport=Manuripi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizque_Airport=Mizque Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Verde_Airport=Monte Verde Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padilla_Airport=Padilla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chacobos_Airport=Chacobos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piso_Firme_Airport=Piso Firme Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porvenir_Velasco_Airport=Porvenir Velasco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitai_Airport=Pitai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progreso_Airport=Progreso Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Alegre_Airport=Rancho Alegre Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refugio_Airport=Refugio Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosal_Airport=Rosal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samaipata_Florida_Airport=Samaipata Florida Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel_South_Airport=San Miguel South Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa_del_Sara_Airport=Santa Rosa del Sara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saahaqui_Airport=Saahaqui Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel_de_Gaser_Airport=San Miguel de Gaser Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saipura_Airport=Saipura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sipuati_Airport=Sipuati Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taquipirenda_Airport=Taquipirenda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Tamayo_Airport=Franz Tamayo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tres_Cruces_Airport=Tres Cruces Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vuelta_Grande_Airport=Vuelta Grande Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Negrita_Airport=Villa Negrita Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Vicente_Airport,_Bolivia=San Vicente Airport, Bolivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Teresita_Airport,_Bolivia=Santa Teresita Airport, Bolivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventilla_Airport=Ventilla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandamatenga_Airport=Pandamatenga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohot_Airfield=Bohot Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grivitza_Airfield=Grivitza Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolna_Bania_Airfield=Dolna Bania Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ihtiman_Airfield=Ihtiman Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolna_Mitropoliya_Air_Base=Dolna Mitropoliya Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sliven_Airfield=Sliven Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silistra_Airfield=Silistra Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izgrev_Airfield=Izgrev Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaynardzha_Airfield=Kaynardzha Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candala_Airport=Candala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane_West_Wellcamp_Airport=Brisbane West Wellcamp Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barsalogho_Airport=Barsalogho Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didyr_Airport=Didyr Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongoussi_Airport=Kongoussi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koudougou_Airport=Koudougou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boromo_Airport=Boromo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poura_Airport=Poura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arly_Airport=Arly Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dano_Airport=Dano Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yako_Airport=Yako Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orodara_Airport=Orodara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueve_de_Julio_Airport=Nueve de Julio Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroclub_Argentino=Aeroclub Argentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uspallata_Airport=Uspallata Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos_Airport,_Mendoza=San Carlos Airport, Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyanza-Lac_Airport=Nyanza-Lac Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampot_Airport=Kampot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampong_Cham_Airport=Kampong Cham Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koh_Kong_Airport=Koh Kong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krakor_Airport=Krakor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondulkiri_Airport=Mondulkiri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thbeng_Meanchey_Airport=Thbeng Meanchey Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banyo_Airport=Banyo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esperadinha_Airport=Esperadinha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosteiros_Airport=Mosteiros Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamboula_Airport=Gamboula Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaga_Bandoro_Airport=Kaga Bandoro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deerfield_Valley_Regional_Airport=Deerfield Valley Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ba_Ili_Airport=Ba Ili Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beguelkar_Airport=Beguelkar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dildo_Airport=Dildo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djiour_Southwest_Airport=Djiour Southwest Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Huete_Airport=Punta Huete Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinandega_Airport=Chinandega Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gounou-Gaya_Airport=Gounou-Gaya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fianga_Airport=Fianga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koumra_Airport=Koumra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naramay_East_Airport=Naramay East Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Brasiles_Airport=Los Brasiles Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tchagen_Airport=Tchagen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tari_West_Airport=Tari West Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salal_Airport=Salal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N'Gouri_Airport=N'Gouri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montelimar_Airport=Montelimar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Arish_International_Airport=El Arish International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasser_Arafat_International_Airport=Yasser Arafat International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achao_Aerodrome=Achao Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alto_del_Carmen_Tres_Quebradas_Airport=Alto del Carmen Tres Quebradas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alto_Palena_Airfield=Alto Palena Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andacollo_Airport=Andacollo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angol_Los_Confines_Airport=Angol Los Confines Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pupelde_Airfield=Pupelde Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chimba_Airport=La Chimba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Escondida_Airport=La Escondida Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atacalco_Sul_Airport=Atacalco Sul Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Buitre_Airfield=El Buitre Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayacara_Airport=Ayacara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pampa_Guanaco_Airport=Pampa Guanaco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Algarrobo_Airport=El Algarrobo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabo_de_Hornos_Airport=Cabo de Hornos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yendegaia_Airport=Yendegaia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulnes_Rucamelen_Airport=Bulnes Rucamelen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulnes_El_Litral_Airport=Bulnes El Litral Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldera_Airport=Caldera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleta_Hornos_Airport=Caleta Hornos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleta_Tortel_Airport=Caleta Tortel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrizal_Bajo_Airport=Carrizal Bajo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Tapihue_Airport=El Tapihue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundo_Loma_Larga_Airport=Fundo Loma Larga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerro_Castillo_Airport=Cerro Castillo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cauquenes_Airport=Cauquenes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerro_Paranal_Airport=Cerro Paranal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Bianco_Airport=Franco Bianco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Amarillo_Airport=El Amarillo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodudahue_Airport=Vodudahue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tic_Toc_Airport=Tic Toc Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chepica_Airport=Chepica Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chile_Chico_Airfield=Chile Chico Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vertiente_Airport_(Chile)=La Vertiente Airport (Chile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chonchi_Airport=Chonchi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molco_Airport=Molco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chan_Chan_Airport=Chan Chan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberia_Airport=Siberia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobquecura_Airport=Cobquecura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lago_Vargas_Airport=Lago Vargas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochrane_Airfield=Cochrane Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teniente_Vidal_Airfield=Teniente Vidal Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agua_Buena_Airport=Agua Buena Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cogoti_La_Pelicana_Airport=Cogoti La Pelicana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quivolgo_International_Airport=Quivolgo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contao_Airport=Contao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coposa_Airport=Coposa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Guayes_Airport=Los Guayes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumpeo_La_Obra_Airport=Cumpeo La Obra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lago_Colico_Airport=Lago Colico Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolco_Airport=Lolco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Lirios_Airport=Los Lirios Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Freire_Airfield=General Freire Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domeyko_Airfield=Domeyko Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duqueco_Airport=Duqueco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entrada_Baker_Airport=Entrada Baker Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entrada_Meyer_Airport=Entrada Meyer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fachinal_Airport=Fachinal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelicano_Airport=Pelicano Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farellones_Airport=Farellones Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freirina_Airport=Freirina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frutillar_West_Airport=Frutillar West Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frutillar_Airport=Frutillar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loncopan_Airport=Loncopan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rucamanqui_Airport=Rucamanqui Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonquimay_Airport=Lonquimay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Condores_Airport=Los Condores Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Apiao_Airport=Isla Apiao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Butachauques_Airport=Isla Butachauques Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventanas_Radioayuda_Airport=Ventanas Radioayuda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almirante_Schroeders_Airport=Almirante Schroeders Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Quenac_Airport=Isla Quenac Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Guarello_Airport=Isla Guarello Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleta_Blanco_Airport=Caleta Blanco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Mocha_Airport=Isla Mocha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_El_Saco_Airport=Punta El Saco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_San_Felix_Airport=Isla San Felix Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Crusoe_Airfield=Robinson Crusoe Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Talcan_Airport=Isla Talcan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Tierra_del_Fuego_Airport=Isla Tierra del Fuego Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Estrella_Airport=La Estrella Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Portales_Airport=Diego Portales Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Junta_Airport=La Junta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Maitenes_de_Villa_Vieja_Airport=Los Maitenes de Villa Vieja Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hueicomilla_Airport=Hueicomilla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Vilos_Airport=Los Vilos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lago_Brown_Airport=Lago Brown Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Bandurrias_Airport=Las Bandurrias Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arquilhue_Airport=Arquilhue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lago_Ranco_Airport=Lago Ranco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Galera_Airport=Punta Galera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cacique_Blanco_Airport=Cacique Blanco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lago_Verde_Airport=Lago Verde Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seitenstetten_Airport=Seitenstetten Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobersberg_Airport=Dobersberg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco_Point_Lodge_Airstrip=Coco Point Lodge Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Dorado_Airport,_Argentina=El Dorado Airport, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Emergency_Airstrip=Casey Emergency Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machaneng_Airport=Machaneng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molepolole_Airport=Molepolole Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okwa_Camp_One_Airport=Okwa Camp One Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Okavango_Airport=Camp Okavango Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xaxaba_Airfield=Xaxaba Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thebephatshwa_Airport=Thebephatshwa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xudum_Airport=Xudum Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerro_Largo_International_Airport=Cerro Largo International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_San_Raphael_Airport=Laguna San Raphael Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lampa_Lipangui_Airport=Lampa Lipangui Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laraquete_Airport=Laraquete Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Tacas_Airport=Las Tacas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lautaro_Airport=Lautaro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebu_Airport=Lebu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litueche_Midango_Airport=Litueche Midango Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linares_Airport=Linares Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litueche_Airport=Litueche Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llanada_Grande_Airport=Llanada Grande Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Manso_Airport=El Manso Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torca_Airport=Torca Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llifen_Calcuruppe_Airport=Llifen Calcuruppe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lampa_Palo_Alto_Airport=Lampa Palo Alto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loncoche_Airport=Loncoche Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolol_Palo_Alto_Airport=Lolol Palo Alto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llifen_Airport=Llifen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longavi_Verfrut_Sur_Airport=Longavi Verfrut Sur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marimenuco_Airfield=Marimenuco Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vichadero_Airport=Vichadero Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treinta_y_Tres_Airport=Treinta y Tres Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Portales_Airport=Villa Portales Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Rafael_Airport_(Chile)=San Rafael Airport (Chile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agua_Santa_Airport=Agua Santa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guadaba_Airport=Guadaba Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cholguahue_Airport=Cholguahue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Manzano_Airport=El Manzano Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinka_Airport=Melinka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Alba/La_Lumbrera_Airport=El Alba/La Lumbrera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Teresa_del_Almendral_Airport=Santa Teresa del Almendral Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melipilla_Airport=Melipilla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuatro_Diablos_Airport=Cuatro Diablos Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Tricahues_Airport=Los Tricahues Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Airport=Carolina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molina_La_Cascada_Airport=Molina La Cascada Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molina_Alupenhue_Airport=Molina Alupenhue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amincha_Airport=Amincha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poco_a_Poco_Airport=Poco a Poco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadis_Airport=Nadis Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nochaco_Airport=Nochaco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callipulli_Airport=Callipulli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Kemp_Airport=Juan Kemp Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pampa_Alegre_Aerodrome=Pampa Alegre Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osorno_Airport=Osorno Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osorno_Pilauco_Airport=Osorno Pilauco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Tuqui_Airport=El Tuqui Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovalle_Airport=Ovalle Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fray_Jorge_Airport=Fray Jorge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovalle_Huayanay_Airport=Ovalle Huayanay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paine_Airport=Paine Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paine_Mansel_Airport=Paine Mansel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Limavady=RAF Limavady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curaco_Airport=Curaco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papageno_Airport=Papageno Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panguipulli_Airport=Panguipulli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paredones_Airport=Paredones Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parral_Villa_Baviera_Airport=Parral Villa Baviera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parron_Airport=Parron Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campamento_La_Esperanza_Airport=Campamento La Esperanza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_de_Valdivia_Airport=Pedro de Valdivia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peulla_Airport=Peulla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Aguada_Airport=La Aguada Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peumo_Airport=Peumo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedra_Negra_Airport=Piedra Negra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pichidangui_Airport=Pichidangui Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Principal_Airport=El Principal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirque_Estero_Seco_Airport=Pirque Estero Seco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisagua_Airport=Pisagua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calpulli_Airport=Calpulli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curimanques_Airport=Curimanques Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puelo_Bajo_Airport=Puelo Bajo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Cisnes_Airport=Puerto Cisnes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meseta_Cosmelli_Airport=Meseta Cosmelli Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esperanza_Airport,_Chile=Esperanza Airport, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Marchant_Airport=Marcel Marchant Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Montt_City_Airport=Puerto Montt City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teniente_Julio_Gallardo_Airport=Teniente Julio Gallardo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Sanchez_Airport=Puerto Sanchez Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Octay_Las_Araucarias_Airport=Puerto Octay Las Araucarias Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Saavedra_Airport=Puerto Saavedra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Varas_East_Airport=Puerto Varas East Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Mirador_Airport=El Mirador Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Arenas_Sandra_Scabini_Airport=Punta Arenas Sandra Scabini Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Davison_Bascur_Airport=Marco Davison Bascur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Baja_Airport=Punta Baja Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Catalina_Airport=Punta Catalina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corte_Alto_Airport=Corte Alto Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puyehue_La_Capilla_Airport=Puyehue La Capilla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puyehue_Lican_Airport=Puyehue Lican Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puyuhuapi_Airport=Puyuhuapi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Boco_Airport=El Boco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quemchi_Airport=Quemchi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintero_Airport=Quintero Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Picton_Airport=Isla Picton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancagua_de_la_Independencia_Airport=Rancagua de la Independencia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jame_Conrad_Airport=Jame Conrad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Agullas_Airport=Las Agullas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapelhuapi_Airport=Rapelhuapi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costa_del_Sol_Airport=Costa del Sol Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapel_La_Estrella_Airport=Rapel La Estrella Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundo_Naicura_Airport=Fundo Naicura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rengo_Airport=Rengo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retiro_Copihue_Airport=Retiro Copihue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retiro_Las_Alpacas_Airport=Retiro Las Alpacas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retiro_El_Almendro_Airport=Retiro El Almendro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retiro_San_Guillermo_Airport=Retiro San Guillermo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retiro_Los_Maitenes_Airport=Retiro Los Maitenes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotreumo_Airport=Cotreumo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rucananco_Airport=Rucananco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cardal_Airport=El Cardal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Tapera_Airport=Villa Tapera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Murta_Airport=Puerto Murta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeral_San_Miguel_Airport=Romeral San Miguel Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russfin_Airport=Russfin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Brujas_Airport_(Chile)=Las Brujas Airport (Chile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Cedros_Airport=Los Cedros Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamanca_Los_Pelmabres_Airport=Salamanca Los Pelmabres Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misnal_Airport=Misnal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salar_de_Atacama_Airport=Salar de Atacama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos_Santa_Marta_Airport=San Carlos Santa Marta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Airport=Colorado Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Fernando_Airport_(Chile)=San Fernando Airport (Chile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Javier_Las_Mercedes_Airport=San Javier Las Mercedes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Javier_Loncomilla_Airport=San Javier Loncomilla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pablo_Airport,_Chile=San Pablo Airport, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_Verfrut_Airport=San Pedro Verfrut Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_de_Atacama_Airport=San Pedro de Atacama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Vicente_de_Tagua_Tagua_Airport=San Vicente de Tagua Tagua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Vicente_de_Tagua_Tagua_Peralillo_Airport=San Vicente de Tagua Tagua Peralillo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Huachi_Airport=El Huachi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_Airport,_Chile=Santa Cruz Airport, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_El_Boldal_Airport=Santa Cruz El Boldal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa_de_Tabali_Airport=Santa Rosa de Tabali Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Municipal_de_Vitacura_Airport=Municipal de Vitacura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Victoria_de_Chacabuco_Airport=La Victoria de Chacabuco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Chicureo_Airport=Santiago Chicureo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Cerro_Galan_Airport=Santiago Cerro Galan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo_Airfield_(Chile)=Santo Domingo Airfield (Chile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segundo_Corral_Airfield=Segundo Corral Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Corte_Airport=El Corte Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panguilemo_Airport=Panguilemo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Breas_Airport=Las Breas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teno_Airport=Teno Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Budi_Airport=El Budi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azopardo_Airport=Azopardo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barriles_Airport=Barriles Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongoy_Airport=Tongoy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pichoy_Airfield=Pichoy Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vallenar_Airport=Vallenar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villarrica_Airport=Villarrica Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_O'Higgins_South_Airport=Villa O'Higgins South Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malloco_Airport=Malloco Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodelillo_Airfield=Rodelillo Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapallar_Casas_Viejas_Airport=Zapallar Casas Viejas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumbel_Trilahue_Airport=Yumbel Trilahue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thimarafushi_Airport=Thimarafushi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obbia_Airport=Obbia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Etang_Pubnico_Water_Aerodrome=Grand Etang Pubnico Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravenhurst_(Morrison_Lake)_Water_Aerodrome=Gravenhurst (Morrison Lake) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazi_Nazrul_Islam_Airport=Kazi Nazrul Islam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killarney_(Killarney_Mountain_Lodge)_Water_Aerodrome=Killarney (Killarney Mountain Lodge) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkfield/Balsam_Lake_Seaplane_Base=Kirkfield/Balsam Lake Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teply_Klyuch_Airport=Teply Klyuch Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markovo_Airport=Markovo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolayevsk-on-Amur_Airport=Nikolayevsk-on-Amur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Kuyga_Airport=Ust-Kuyga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Maya_Airport=Ust-Maya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verkhnevilyuysk_Airport=Verkhnevilyuysk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakkyryr_Airport=Sakkyryr Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baidoa_Airport=Baidoa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipera_Airport=Pipera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beledweyne_Airport=Beledweyne Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yueyang_Airport=Yueyang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulanqab_Airport=Ulanqab Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiansanjiang_Airport=Jiansanjiang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mezzeh_Military_Airport=Mezzeh Military Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qardho_Airport=Qardho Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasu_Water_Aerodrome=Tasu Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songo_Songo_Airstrip=Songo Songo Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Cumberland_Regional_Airport=Upper Cumberland Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillespie_Field_(Maine)=Gillespie Field (Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillespie_County_Airport=Gillespie County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Reykjavik=RAF Reykjavik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._A._Moore_Airport=C. A. Moore Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCaslin_Airport=McCaslin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_St_Davids=RAF St Davids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zandspruit_Bush_&_Aero_Estate=Zandspruit Bush & Aero Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Cluntoe=RAF Cluntoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revere_Airport=Revere Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos_Airport_(Nicaragua)=San Carlos Airport (Nicaragua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_de_Nicaragua_Airport=San Juan de Nicaragua Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Skaebrae=RAF Skaebrae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueva_Guinea_Airport=Nueva Guinea Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizhao_Airport=Rizhao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatican_City_Heliport=Vatican City Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packwood_Airport=Packwood Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eenhana_Airport=Eenhana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Alness=RAF Alness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNAS_Donibristle=RNAS Donibristle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Macmerry=RAF Macmerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gewayantana_Airport=Gewayantana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Diamond/Flying_R_Ranch_Aerodrome=Black Diamond/Flying R Ranch Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Carling_Aerodrome=Port Carling Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primrose_Aerodrome=Primrose Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingham_(Inglis_Field)_Aerodrome=Wingham (Inglis Field) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Banff=RAF Banff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Sullom_Voe=RAF Sullom Voe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-Way_Regional_Airport=Mid-Way Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_Polaris_(Pourvoirie_Mirage_Inc)_Water_Aerodrome=Lac Polaris (Pourvoirie Mirage Inc) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Rosseau/Morgan_Bay_Water_Aerodrome=Lake Rosseau/Morgan Bay Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKellar_(Manitouwabing)_Water_Aerodrome=McKellar (Manitouwabing) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mink_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=Mink Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parry_Sound_(Roberts_Lake)_Water_Aerodrome=Parry Sound (Roberts Lake) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paudash_(Paudash_Lake)_Water_Aerodrome=Paudash (Paudash Lake) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointe_au_Baril_Station_Water_Aerodrome=Pointe au Baril Station Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beaumont_Hospital_Heliport=William Beaumont Hospital Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberval_(Air_Saguenay)_Water_Aerodrome=Roberval (Air Saguenay) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val-d'Or_(St-Pierre)_Water_Aerodrome=Val-d'Or (St-Pierre) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Lake_Water_Aerodrome=White Lake Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Tigre_Airport=El Tigre Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guanare_Airport=Guanare Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Msalato_International_Airport=Msalato International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_(Fox_Point)_Water_Aerodrome=Dwight (Fox Point) Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Olive_Municipal_Airport=Mount Olive Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Airport=Preston Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picton_Aerodrome=Picton Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_Island_Airport=Center Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Primo_de_Verdad_National_Airport=Francisco Primo de Verdad National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_Airport=Parkland Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulatupo_Airport=Mulatupo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trondheim_Airport,_Jonsvatnet=Trondheim Airport, Jonsvatnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore_Airpark=Baltimore Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billerica-Wilmington_Airport=Billerica-Wilmington Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbins_Airport=Robbins Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolton_Airport=Bolton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Airport=Shirley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henan-Menon_Memorial_Airport=Henan-Menon Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokaro_Airport=Bokaro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acushnet_Airport=Acushnet Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Middleboro_Airpark=North Middleboro Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brockton_Airport=Brockton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Airport_(Massachusetts)=Clark Airport (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennison_Airport=Dennison Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Aviation_Field=Harvard Aviation Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhanbad_Airport=Dhanbad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haverhill_Dutton_Airport=Haverhill Dutton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haverhill_Riverside_Airport_&_Seaplane_Base=Haverhill Riverside Airport & Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haverhill_Tideside_Airport=Haverhill Tideside Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Airport_(Massachusetts)=Lowell Airport (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowles_Agawam_Airport=Bowles Agawam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agawam_Airport_&_Seaplane_Base=Agawam Airport & Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agawam-Springfield_Harbor_Seaplane_Base=Agawam-Springfield Harbor Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Naval_Training_Station_for_Aviation,_Marblehead=United States Naval Training Station for Aviation, Marblehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_Airport_(Massachusetts)=Grafton Airport (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatfield-Pilgrim_Airport=Hatfield-Pilgrim Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leicester_Airport_(Massachusetts)=Leicester Airport (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Hill_Airport_(Massachusetts)=Pine Hill Airport (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Airport_(Massachusetts)=Springfield Airport (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westboro_Airport=Westboro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Metropolitan_Airport=Boston Metropolitan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhasa_Airport=Buhasa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jebel_Dhana_Airport=Jebel Dhana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarnayn_Airport=Qarnayn Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arzanah_Airport=Arzanah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Island_Airport=Das Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zirku_Airport=Zirku Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jazeirah_Airport=Al Jazeirah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Saqr_Field_Airport=Al Saqr Field Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futaysi_Airport=Futaysi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Sylt=RAF Sylt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wudalianchi_Airport=Wudalianchi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Field=Clifton Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vahitahi_Airport=Vahitahi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahn's_Airport=Zahn's Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskeget_Island_Airport=Muskeget Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuckernuck_Airport=Tuckernuck Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbellville_(Bellshill_Airpark)_Aerodrome=Campbellville (Bellshill Airpark) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton_Aerodrome=Canton Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensville_(Rollick_Airpark)_Aerodrome=Queensville (Rollick Airpark) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampanihy_Airport=Ampanihy Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_Church_Airpark=Falls Church Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Georgia_Regional_Airport=East Georgia Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andorra_la_Vella_Heliport=Andorra la Vella Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamsburg_Regional_Airport=Williamsburg Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shache_Airport=Shache Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coolawanyah_Station_Airport=Coolawanyah Station Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alxa_Left_Banner_Bayanhot_Airport=Alxa Left Banner Bayanhot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alxa_Right_Banner_Badanjilin_Airport=Alxa Right Banner Badanjilin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ejin_Banner_Taolai_Airport=Ejin Banner Taolai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuzhno-Kurilsk_Mendeleyevo_Airport=Yuzhno-Kurilsk Mendeleyevo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumxuk_Airport=Tumxuk Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Chengdu_Airport=New Chengdu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingdao_Jiaodong_International_Airport=Qingdao Jiaodong International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuevo_Casas_Grandes_Municipal_Airport=Nuevo Casas Grandes Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shashi_Airport=Shashi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupul_National_Airport=Cupul National Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Hussein_Air_Base=King Hussein Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_County_Airport=Williams County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendon_Airport=Mendon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyabb_Airport=Tyabb Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Airport=Coldstream Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosondjo_Airport=Bosondjo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boteka_Airport=Boteka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukena_Airport=Bukena Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busala_Airport=Busala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jantzen_Beach_Seaplane_Base=Jantzen Beach Seaplane Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avanavero_Airstrip=Avanavero Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celo-Zongo_Airport=Celo-Zongo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dekese_Airport=Dekese Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diboko_Airport=Diboko Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilolo_Airport=Dilolo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dikungu_Airport=Dikungu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sintra_Air_Base=Sintra Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingele_Airport=Dingele Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djokele_Airport=Djokele Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cangyuan_Washan_Airport=Cangyuan Washan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancang_Airport=Lancang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doko_Airport=Doko Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doruma_Airport=Doruma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungu-Uye_Airport=Dungu-Uye Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engengele_Airport=Engengele Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Municipal_Airport=Beatrice Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expansion_of_Gatwick_Airport=Expansion of Gatwick Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faradje_Airport=Faradje Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fungurume_Airport=Fungurume Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gbado_Airport=Gbado Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goyongo_Airport=Goyongo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruoqiang_Loulan_Airport=Ruoqiang Loulan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigiriya_Airport=Sigiriya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco_Island_Airport=Coco Island Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Memorial_Airport=Cameron Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_Regional_Airport=Sullivan Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Memorial_Airport=Bethany Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festus_Memorial_Airport=Festus Memorial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Regional_Jetport=Cleveland Regional Jetport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NAS_Shibpur=NAS Shibpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bihta_Air_Force_Station=Bihta Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellore_Airport=Nellore Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Obaldia_Airport=Puerto Obaldia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ustupu-Ogobsucum_Airport=Ustupu-Ogobsucum Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Lempira_Airport=Puerto Lempira Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumner_County_Regional_Airport=Sumner County Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geauga_County_Airport=Geauga County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_County_Airport=Benton County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hood_Army_Airfield=Hood Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovoot_Airport=Ovoot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sungai_Pakning=Sungai Pakning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuanku_Tambusai_Airport=Tuanku Tambusai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barentsburg_Heliport,_Heerodden=Barentsburg Heliport, Heerodden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramiden_Heliport=Pyramiden Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuttanellur_Heliport=Kuttanellur Heliport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwaka_Airport=Gwaka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinguara_Municipal_Airport=Xinguara Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idumbe_Airport=Idumbe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikela_Airport=Ikela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Sydney_Airport=Western Sydney Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klia2=Klia2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinzhou_Bay_Airport=Jinzhou Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reichelsheim_Airport=Reichelsheim Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutton_Aerodrome=Dutton Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagalla_Airstrip=Wagalla Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imesse_Airport=Imesse Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inga_Airport=Inga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingende_Airport=Ingende Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipinge_Airport=Chipinge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hwange_Town_Airport=Hwange Town Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwekwe_East_Airport=Kwekwe East Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mhangura_Airport=Mhangura Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Darwin_Airport=Mount Darwin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Reef_Airport=Grand Reef Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelinda_Airport=Chelinda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitipa_Airport=Chitipa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwanga_Airport=Dwanga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifupa_Airport=Lifupa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katumbi_Airport=Katumbi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Likoma_Airport=Likoma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mchinji_Airport=Mchinji Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Bay_Airport=Monkey Bay Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucoma_Airport=Sucoma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nsanje_Airport=Nsanje Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ntchisi_Airport=Ntchisi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salima_Airport=Salima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milliken_Airport=Milliken Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalabo_Airport=Kalabo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Warden_Aerodrome=Old Warden Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoma_Airport=Kaoma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasama_Airport=Kasama Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukulu_Airport=Lukulu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanshya_Airport=Luanshya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbala_Airport=Mbala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senanga_Airport=Senanga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesheke_Airport=Sesheke Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambezi_Airport=Zambezi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumbo_Airport=Lumbo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrupa_Airport=Marrupa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mueda_Airport=Mueda Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponta_do_Ouro_Airport=Ponta do Ouro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedford_Aerodrome=Bedford Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw_Babice_Airport=Warsaw Babice Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maypole_Airfield=Maypole Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_Airstrip=Savannah Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethanien_Airport=Bethanien Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gobabis_Airport=Gobabis Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halali_Airport=Halali Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamanjab_Airport=Kamanjab Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karibib_Airport=Karibib Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karasburg_Airport=Karasburg Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariental_Airport=Mariental Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokuti_Lodge_Airport=Mokuti Lodge Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Etjo_Airport=Mount Etjo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namutoni_Airport=Namutoni Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okaukuejo_Airport=Okaukuejo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_Airport=Omega Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opuwa_Airport=Opuwa Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshakati_Airport=Oshakati Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otjiwarongo_Airport=Otjiwarongo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outjo_Airport=Outjo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsumkwe_Airport=Tsumkwe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebakeng_Airport=Lebakeng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leribe_Airport=Leribe Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesobeng_Airport=Lesobeng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mafeteng_Airport=Mafeteng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsaile_Airport=Matsaile Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sehonghong_Airport=Sehonghong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nkaus_Airport=Nkaus Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokhotlong_Airport=Mokhotlong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelaneng_Airport=Pelaneng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quthing_Airport=Quthing Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qacha's_Nek_Airport=Qacha's Nek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekake_Airport=Sekake Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tebellong_Airport=Tebellong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seshutes_Airport=Seshutes Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaba_Tseka_Airport=Thaba Tseka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlokoeng_Airport=Tlokoeng Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantsonyane_Airport=Mantsonyane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohale's_Hoek_Airport=Mohale's Hoek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katse_Airport=Katse Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobete_Airport=Bobete Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cibecue_Airport=Cibecue Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiteriver_Airport=Whiteriver Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beni_Mellal_Airport=Beni Mellal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouezzane_Airport=Ouezzane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taroudant_Airport=Taroudant Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taza_Airport=Taza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagora_Airport=Zagora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahl_Creek_Airport=Dahl Creek Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrington_Municipal_Airport=Torrington Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umiat_Airport=Umiat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telida_Airport=Telida Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takotna_Airport=Takotna Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foya_Airport=Foya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cufar_Airport=Cufar Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaves_Airport=Chaves Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espinho_Airport=Espinho Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maia_Airport=Maia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirandela_Airport=Mirandela Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monfortinho_Airport=Monfortinho Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morargil_Airport=Morargil Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_Verde_Airport=Praia Verde Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Bautista_Air_Base=Antonio Bautista Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajah_Buayan_Air_Base=Rajah Buayan Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husky_Haven_Airport=Husky Haven Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jajpur_Airstrip=Jajpur Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendujhar_Airstrip=Kendujhar Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbil_Tonto_Aerodrome=Barbil Tonto Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuagaon_Airport=Nuagaon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitri_Jindal_Airport=Savitri Jindal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phulbani_Airstrip=Phulbani Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawapara_Airport=Nawapara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanjigarh_Airstrip=Lanjigarh Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utkela_Airstrip=Utkela Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_City_Regional_Airport=Rush City Regional Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodrino_Air_Base=Lodrino Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buochs_Airport=Buochs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amendola_Air_Base=Amendola Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpnach_Air_Base=Alpnach Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surin_Airport=Surin Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empuriabrava_Aerodrome=Empuriabrava Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noblesville_Airport=Noblesville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alida/Cowan_Farm_Private_Aerodrome=Alida/Cowan Farm Private Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_(Jaques_Farms)_Aerodrome=Buffalo (Jaques Farms) Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawfordsville_Municipal_Airport=Crawfordsville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan_Airport=Sheridan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arens_Field=Arens Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphi_Municipal_Airport=Delphi Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeKalb_County_Airport_(Indiana)=DeKalb County Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfort_Municipal_Airport=Frankfort Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxville_Aerodrome=Maxville Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood_Municipal_Airport=Greenwood Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizamabad_Airport=Nizamabad Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendallville_Municipal_Airport=Kendallville Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logansport/Cass_County_Airport=Logansport/Cass County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Vernon_Airport=North Vernon Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paoli_Municipal_Airport=Paoli Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru_Municipal_Airport=Peru Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putnam_County_Airport=Putnam County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph_County_Airport=Randolph County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starke_County_Airport=Starke County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_County_Municipal_Airport_(Indiana)=Sullivan County Municipal Airport (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabash_Municipal_Airport=Wabash Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_County_Airport=Miami County Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_Airport=Converse Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djupivogur_Airport=Djupivogur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rif_Airport=Rif Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Bottom_Airport=Lee Bottom Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keller_Brothers_Airport=Keller Brothers Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deck_Airport=Deck Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmers_Pride_Airport=Farmers Pride Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grove_City_Airport=Grove City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Rudeis_Airport=Abu Rudeis Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakhla_Oasis_Airport=Dakhla Oasis Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gora_Airport=El Gora Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gona_Airport=El Gona Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Kharga_Airport=El Kharga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Tor_Airport=El Tor Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharkot_Airport=Bharkot Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_Shokeir_New_Airport=Ras Shokeir New Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo_West_Air_Base=Cairo West Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaza_Air_Force_Base=Almaza Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teixeira_de_Freitas_Airport=Teixeira de Freitas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenair_Airport=Glenair Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Bayda'_Airport_(Yemen)=Al Bayda' Airport (Yemen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Hazm_Airport=Al Hazm Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albuq_Airport=Albuq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamaran_Airport=Kamaran Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marib_Airport=Marib Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukeiras_Airport=Mukeiras Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saadah_Airport=Saadah Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbs_Airport=Abbs Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butabul_Airport=Butabul Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buraimi_Airport=Buraimi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fahud_Airport=Fahud Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarn_Alam_Airport=Qarn Alam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haima_Airport=Haima Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibra_Airport=Ibra Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibri_Airport=Ibri Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lekhwair_Airport=Lekhwair Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmul_Airport=Marmul Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukhaizna_Oil_Field=Mukhaizna Oil Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firq_Air_Base=Firq Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustaq_Airport=Rustaq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saiq_Airport=Saiq Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sur_Airport=Sur Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yibal_Airport=Yibal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izki_Air_Base=Izki Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manston_Air_Base=Manston Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Atoll_Airport=Johnston Atoll Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Bani_Yas_Airport=Sir Bani Yas Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remada_Air_Base=Remada Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soliman_Airstrip=Soliman Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Borma_Airport=El Borma Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolo_Airport=Dolo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dansha_Airport=Dansha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodola_Airport=Dodola Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fincha_Airport=Fincha Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tum_Airport=Tum Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Mexico_City_international_airport=New Mexico City international airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuzhou_Xijiang_Airport=Wuzhou Xijiang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Aroeppala_Airport=H. Aroeppala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Field_Airport_(Alaska)=Martin Field Airport (Alaska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nejjo_Airport=Nejjo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakiso_Airport=Shakiso Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semera_Airport=Semera Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graeme_Rowley_Aerodrome=Graeme Rowley Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quilon_Aerodrome=Quilon Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iskushuban_Airport=Iskushuban Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lugh_Ganane_Airport=Lugh Ganane Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhusamareb_Airport=Dhusamareb Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teseney_Airport=Teseney Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agordat_Airport=Agordat Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qilian_Airport=Qilian Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oum_Dreyga_Airport=Oum Dreyga Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauchi_Airport=Bauchi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauchi_State_Airport=Bauchi State Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankt_Peter-Ording_Airport=Sankt Peter-Ording Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajoga_Northeast_Airport=Bajoga Northeast Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalingo_Airport=Jalingo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuga_Airstrip=Tuga Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potiskum_Airstrip=Potiskum Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacita_Airstrip=Bacita Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bida_Airstrip=Bida Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bebi_Airstrip=Bebi Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soest-Bad_Sassendorf_Airfield=Soest-Bad Sassendorf Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kebbi_International_Airport=Kebbi International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escravos_Airstrip=Escravos Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Harcourt_City_Airport=Port Harcourt City Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nguru_Airstrip=Nguru Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubuta_Airfield=Kubuta Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhunya_Airfield=Bhunya Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Andrews_Air_Base=Edwin Andrews Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mhlume_Airfield=Mhlume Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piggs_Peak_Airfield=Piggs Peak Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nhlangano_Airfield=Nhlangano Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nsoko_Airfield=Nsoko Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simunye_Airfield=Simunye Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siteki_Airfield=Siteki Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tambankulu_Airfield=Tambankulu Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshaneni_Airfield=Tshaneni Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubombo_Ranches_Airfield=Ubombo Ranches Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tambuti_Airfield=Tambuti Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Airport=Bennett Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reao_Airport=Reao Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkisi_Airport=Inkisi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipeka_Airport=Ipeka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishasha_Airport_(Democratic_Republic_of_the_Congo)=Ishasha Airport (Democratic Republic of the Congo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isiro-Ville_Airport=Isiro-Ville Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isongo_Airport=Isongo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ito_Airport=Ito Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabalo_Airport=Kabalo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunta_Airport=Tunta Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phu_Bai_Combat_Base=Phu Bai Combat Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Evans_(Vietnam)=Camp Evans (Vietnam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herdla_Airport=Herdla Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Radcliff=Camp Radcliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bearcat_Base=Bearcat Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankang_Fuqiang_Airport=Ankang Fuqiang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songyuan_Chaganhu_Airport=Songyuan Chaganhu Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feira_de_Santana_Airport=Feira de Santana Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Enari=Camp Enari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabombo_Airport=Kabombo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicopter_Training_School=Helicopter Training School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_International_Jetport=Portland International Jetport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Love_Field=Dallas Love Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canapitsit_Airport=Canapitsit Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kailo_Airport=Kailo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajiji_Airport=Kajiji Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landing_Zone_English=Landing Zone English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teniente_Amin_Ayub_Gonzalez_Airport=Teniente Amin Ayub Gonzalez Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Hoa_Combat_Base=An Hoa Combat Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Army_Airfield=Lane Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Thunderbolt=Camp Thunderbolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phu_Loi_Base_Camp=Phu Loi Base Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Porvenir_Airport=El Porvenir Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Het_Camp=Ben Het Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landing_Zone_Oasis=Landing Zone Oasis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catecka_Base_Camp=Catecka Base Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plei_Djereng_Camp=Plei Djereng Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yingkou_Airport=Yingkou Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakunai_Airport=Wakunai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonle_Cham_Camp=Tonle Cham Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dak_Pek_Camp=Dak Pek Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirsa_Air_Force_Station=Sirsa Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visakhapatnam_Airport=Visakhapatnam Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dak_Seang_Camp=Dak Seang Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhiwani_Airport=Bhiwani Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalka_Airport=Kalka Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_Valley_Aerodrome=Clare Valley Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Beach_Base_Area=Red Beach Base Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Mao_Base_Camp=Song Mao Base Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Loc_Camp=Mai Loc Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wannukandi_Airport=Wannukandi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavanger_Heliport,_University_Hospital=Stavanger Heliport, University Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arendal_Heliport,_Hospital=Arendal Heliport, Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_Municipal_Airport=Delaware Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trondheim_Heliport,_Rosten=Trondheim Heliport, Rosten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QinetiQ_Pershore=QinetiQ Pershore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooster_Municipal_Airport=Wooster Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karamea_Aerodrome=Karamea Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngerengere_Air_Force_Base=Ngerengere Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldstone_Gts_Airport=Goldstone Gts Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ban_Me_Thuot_East_Airfield=Ban Me Thuot East Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landing_Zone_Baldy=Landing Zone Baldy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landing_Zone_Two_Bits=Landing Zone Two Bits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_Obiang_Nguema_International_Airport=President Obiang Nguema International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guelmim_Airport=Guelmim Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadsund_Airport=Hadsund Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Harwich_Airport=East Harwich Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Hill_Airport=Round Hill Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayside_Airport=Bayside Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleetlands=Fleetlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellerport_Airport=Ellerport Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ustupo_Airport=Ustupo Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Alwies_Airstrip=Henri Alwies Airstrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusto_Vergara_Airport=Augusto Vergara Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cai_Cai_Camp=Cai Cai Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haugesund_Naval_Air_Station=Haugesund Naval Air Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katum_Camp=Katum Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Bayadh_Airport=El Bayadh Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaviza_Airport=Yaviza Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Real_Airport=El Real Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel_Airport,_Panama=San Miguel Airport, Panama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubala_Airport=Tubala Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duc_Lap_Camp=Duc Lap Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mungindi_Airport=Mungindi Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Airport,_Hjellestad=Bergen Airport, Hjellestad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Airport,_Sandviken=Bergen Airport, Sandviken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haslemoen_Airport=Haslemoen Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rognan_Airport=Rognan Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polei_Kleng_Camp=Polei Kleng Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandal_Airfield=Mandal Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foula_Airfield=Foula Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firebase_Betty=Firebase Betty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesland_Air_Station=Flesland Air Station
